{'2014-12-31': "As prime minister Narendra Modiponders his New Year’s resolutions, one stands out: redoubling India’s efforts to rival China by turning into a global manufacturing hub. Few goals are as important to his country’s future. But few are likely to be as difficult to achieve. @ India’s manufacturing frailty is well documented. India excels at some high-tech manufacturing. The likes of Ford and Hyundai run world-class local factories, packed with whirring robots. Under the rules, announced on Monday and effective immediately, only 100,000 licence plates will be issued annually in Shenzhen via auctions and lotteries. About 3.1m private cars are registered in the city of 15m people. That idea was always naive, as events in Greece are now illustrating. The weak link in the theory was European politics – and, specifically, the risk that voters would revolt against economic austerity and cast their ballots for “anti-system” parties that reject the European consensus on how to keep the single currency together. Pain has certainly been part of 2014 for the Chinese economy. To a large extent, it has been self-inflicted. If 2014 was a year of painful surgery for the Chinese economy, will 2015 be a year of rejuvenation? On balance, our analysis suggests that this is unlikely. And President Obama's decision to normalize relations with Cuba is the right approach. Expanding relations should help speed the process. The brothers’ lawyers said they would appeal against the verdict.", '2015-01-01': '6 Things That Barack Obama Did for P-20 Education in 2014 : Given the nature and sheer number of challenges, his administration has done a great deal to foster positive change and progress. Can the party in American stocks keep going in 2015? " But there could be continued volatility." But not all technology giants fared well. That multiple is more or less in line with the historical average. But the skeptics point to other measures. It compares the total value of the American stock market with the country\'s gross domestic product. Profits may not be as strong as they look. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Photograph The New York Stock Exchange On Wednesday. But the Rise in American Stocks has Made Them More Expensive. But will this really get Abbas what he ultimately wants?', '2015-01-02': "Five-Alarm Obsession : Tom Eve, 63, has not lost his boyish enthusiasm for fire trucks, custom building models for clients who request replicas of pumpers and ladder trucks. Gasoline-Tax Increase Finds Little Support : Advocates like Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee find it tough to penetrate Washington’s antitax mood, even as gas prices fall and federal transportation funds face huge deficits. New Year's Resolutions For U.S. Policy Towards Latin America: Check Some Off The List, More to Do! : Whether dealing with close U.S. partners or more distant governments, the United States should have the same principled voice for human rights. A Personal Memory of Former Governor Mario Cuomo : We lost a great man, a giant in the history of the city, of the State and of the country, the country he loved and wanted to make better, fighting one of its most horrible practices: death penalty. The goal of the bill -- the attainment of equal pay for equal work -- seems like a no-brainer, right? Yet not a single Republican voted in favor of the Act. But finding the right location among the myriad options available can be daunting. That's what International Living's annual retirement index does. And this is just a first step for all of us towards helping the military community build long-term financial security.", '2015-01-03': 'Turkish Leader Traces a New Internal Threat: The Way He’s Drawn : Editorial cartoonists have long been a staple of Turkish politics, but President Recep Tayyip Erdogan is not amused, and is using the courts to crack down on them. Betting on Default : Speculation with derivatives is back, the kind of risky behavior that led to the last financial crisis. And Congress is enabling it by weakening Dodd-Frank. The U.S. Interests Section in Havana might now be called an "embassy" but there won\'t be an ambassador.: The euro is going to go down because it really needs to," said Jens Nordvig, the global head of currency strategy at Nomura in New York. " And it really opens the way for a weaker euro." Yields on government bonds in the eurozone also declined on Friday as their prices rose. The decline in the euro may have further to go. There is also the global growth picture." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. and JACK EWING; Peter Eavis contributed reporting. Be grateful for all that you experience (the ups and the downs) and every one you meet along your path. He usually loses ground in the summer, particularly in August.', '2015-01-04': 'North Korea Denounces U.S. Over Its Latest Sanctions : The North reiterated its denial of involvement in the hacking of Sony and said that Washington’s sanctions would only strengthen its resolve to pursue its “military first” policy. But what boggles the mind is that fewer than half name climate change as a potential threat. The two currencies are among the most controlled in the world. Iraq and Syria have been shattered by the sectarian whirlwind howling through the Levant. Note how that last sentence dances around the word “federal”. The decision, which came just five days before a deadline for submitting new offers, leaves a consortium led by China’s Fosun International as the sole bidder for one of the biggest brands in global tourism, in a saga that began in May 2013. @ The EU is still struggling to resolve the euro crisis. Hong Kong’s tycoons had a tough year of it in 2014. Raymond Kwok was cleared of all four charges, Thomas of two, but he was found guilty on one count of bribing an official and sentenced to five years in prison. There has been no explanation for the restriction. The MSCI China property index trades just below par.', '2015-01-05': "Is Economic Warfare the Theme for 2015? : Neither investment fund could be immediately contacted. Thus, at the end of the year, human beings were, on average, better off than ever before in their long history. This is also likely to be true at the end of 2015. The Federal Reserve may raise rates a little in 2015, but not much. In all, the opportunity for an acceleration in growth looks very good. Last week’s decision will push the US’s 40-year-old export ban up the political agenda as environmental concerns over shale production crosscut with rising tensions between US producers and Saudi Arabia over the falling price of oil. @ But bank fees are unlikely to have kept pace. Will Russia annex new territory in Ukraine or Europe? @ Still, that judgment should be tempered by two sobering qualifiers. But Mr Xi’s effort is proving more serious and enduring. @ It has even permeated the country’s academic bureaucracy.: But three officials dissented at the committee's last meeting in mid-December. Two argued for greater urgency; one argued for more patience. Furthermore, it casts a long shadow on The American Dream. In other words, marriage will start on January 6th in Florida. Is Economic Warfare the Theme for 2015? :", '2015-01-06': "Red Carpet Purchase by Retailer : The transaction is a rare acquisition by Coach, which has embarked on a turnaround that includes ending discounts and transforming itself into an upscale lifestyle brand. The overall content marketing economy will continue to grow, even though some laggard and late majority brands will bow out. Macau’s casinos have been a case in point. Last week, official figures confirmed what share prices foretold. The initial steps will be small — perhaps just one or two reactors at first. There have been too many false dawns since 2008 for that. The US should enjoy the afternoon sunshine while it lasts. @ This coming year is likely to be very similar. It just might be time to book that vacation in Paris you've been thinking about. The euro traded below $1.19 at times on Monday, the lowest level in nine years (it was $1.39 as recently as May). The underlying causes are straightforward enough. A less powerful stimulus from oil price declines overseas. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Photograph In the Piazza Del Campidoglio in Rome in 2014.", '2015-01-07': 'This Week in World War I, January 3-9, 1915 : As the legitimacy of the old order came into question, the bonds of subservience and obligation that had supported it steadily unraveled. There was no way that the divine rights of emperors and tsars could be reconciled with the rights of the workingman. So begins the chronic slide into bad credit, nasty collection calls, and eventual lawsuits. That\'s an extra $90,000 per person, or $360,000 for a family of four. But it doesn\'t seem to be making us better off. Some of these vehicles are ‘taxi clones’,” he was quoted as saying. “ ” While under Google’s ownership, Motorola withdrew from China in 2013. Few in the iron ore industry will remember 2014 with any fondness. The question for the industry is whether this is a dead-cat bounce or the start of a recovery in prices, which recently hit a five-and-a-half-year low of $65.60 a tonne. @ So far few are convinced the rally will last. Exciting new experiences, right on your wrist.” The prices of Treasury bonds are rallying fiercely. In the past, such a return would have been considered unthinkably slight. Bearishness about growth has been evident in other markets. Stocks, which fell sharply on Monday, declined again on Tuesday. It is not calamity but a slowness that could linger for some time." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2015-01-08': 'Je Suis Charlie : Today the world that cherishes free speech and secularism is reeling from the devastating violent loss of life and the real dangers posed to speech. However scary it may be, I want to declare: Write. The economy added 321,000 jobs in November, the strongest month in nearly three years. The December data will be released on Friday. Falling oil prices, meanwhile, are suppressing price inflation. People are spending again and that\'s the theme." That\'s really concentrated in Texas, Louisiana and North Dakota," he said. " DisclaimerDo Financial Advisers Work for You or Wall Street? : They find the brand is not “aspirational” enough. The figure was 21 per cent a year earlier. There were similar declines among older consumers. My hope is that these principles will help you avoid a few bumps along the way. There is a risk that forecasters will make the same mistake in 2015. @ Read More Can cash-strapped Europe prevent terrorism surge? It\'s really not moving that much," he said. The World Bank has urged emerging economies to use the plunge in oil prices to reform “distorting” fuel subsidies, and warned that failure to shore up public finances could make them more vulnerable in a crisis. @ Until that ever changes, real peace will be in short supply.', '2015-01-09': 'Investors pulled cash from Emerging Asia funds for a seventh straight week, bringing the total withdrawal since late November to $13.1bn. @ Analysts at ANZ noted:GoPro plans to expand its international distribution to include China this year, reducing its reliance on the US market, after a record launch for its new Hero 4 action cameras over the holiday period. @ We had the best new product introduction we ever had in the history of the company with the Hero 4 line,” said Mr Woodman. “ Venezuela’s President Nicolás Maduro has announced $20bn worth of investment from China. But left unsaid was whether he got what he came for:\xa0a financing lifeline from his largest\xa0creditor. @ The case for carbon taxes has long been compelling. With the recent steep fall in oil prices and associated declines in other energy prices it is overwhelming. There is room for debate about the size of the tax and about how the proceeds should be deployed. Carbon emissions exacerbate the global climate change problem. In many cases they contribute to local pollution problems which immediately harm human health. Removing fossil fuels from the ground involves both accident risks and environmental challenges. It is more important than ever that the Administration move forward with its clean power pla. While Facebook remains the dominant network, other networks like Instagram and Pinterest are growing in popularity.', '2015-01-10': 'The Conflict Has Come to Us : The attack in Paris has presented a much more important problem -- while we continue to discuss the nature of this ongoing conflict, the conflict has come to us. The nation\'s economy is entering 2015 in its best shape since the recession, but the improving job market has so far failed to help most Americans earn significantly more at work. This is still a buyer\'s market in terms of labor," she said. " If that gets interrupted, hiring is going to get choked off too early." There are other encouraging signs that the recovery is on solid footing. " Wage growth should also pick up more broadly in coming months." But the dollar\'s strength comes with consequences. Demand for American products could wane, and exports over all could suffer. Right, Mitch Mcconnell, Senate Majority Leader, Said New Economic Data Could "Provide a Glimmer of Hope." ( Friday Talking Points -- Nous Sommes Charlie Hebdo : Je suis Charlie Hebdo. North Korea Offers U.S. Deal to Halt Nuclear Test : North Korea said it had told the United States that it would impose a temporary moratorium on nuclear tests if Washington canceled its joint annual military exercises with South Korea.: But the good times are drawing to a close. The Fed did not buy the bonds to make money.', '2015-01-11': 'Obama Gives Cuba a Hemispheric Coup : The recent political witch-hunt against famed Venezuelan opposition legislator Maria Corina Machado reinforces growing concerns that democratic institutions are under concerted attack in the Western Hemisphere. Taiwan\'s 30-Day Medical Release of Former President: A Joke or Continued Vengeance : The decision of Taiwan\'s Ma administration to release former President Chen Shui Bian brought joy and relief to many of Mr. Chen\'s followers. But joy quickly turned to grief when the public learned the release was for 30 days only. And in the quarter\'s biggest surprise, oil headed due south. The world is going to go one way or the other." Bob Baur, chief global economist at Principal Global Investors, is more optimistic. His outlook isn\'t ideal for the United States, either, in the short run. The surprise in 2015 might be not more dollar strength but the degree of dollar strength." There should be one more burst of yield decline." Fringe parties are getting significant support throughout Europe. If they kick out the elites, it\'s not clear what happens." Photograph Workers at a Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pa., Top Left, and at Marquis Yachts in Pulaski, Wis., Top Right. This will seriously impact how marketers think about their customers and audiences.', '2015-01-12': 'The grand view of American politics is that Republicans have a lock on Congress, while Democrats have an inbuilt White House advantage. Last month’s Republican victory shored up that theory. It is also a measure of its intellectual poverty. Whatever liberals are smoking, it is no stimulant to new ideas. For the time being, the latter can be relied upon to offend minorities – notably Hispanics. And just like a celebrity couple, the halves of Chindia have gone separate ways. India’s worker proportion is still rising and should overtake China’s by 2030.China’s car dealers have banded together to put pressure on global automotive brands in negotiations over subsidies and sales targets — discovering the bargaining power of a united front, as the country’s auto sector did four and half years ago. @ France’s message to itself, and to the world, is unmistakable. This was not just a historic day for the French. It has hit other cities – London, Brussels, Boston, Ottawa and Sydney – and will doubtless afflict more. @ Will the Charlie Hebdo Terrorist Attack Kill Intelligence Reform in the United States? : The volume, however, only tells part of the story. After Wrongfully Serving 26 Years, Man Settles Case : Dewey Bozella, imprisoned', '2015-01-13': 'MetLife Sues Over Being Named Too Big to Fail : The designation is meant to identify big players who could gridlock markets. But behind the scenes, it wants nothing more than to buy peace. In the past two decades, growth in Japan’s real per capita income has averaged 1 per cent a year. The biggest difference is the most obvious. The authorities also sent 5,000 police officers to protect Jewish schools and synagogues. @ Centcom’s Twitter feed was suspended just after 1800 GMT, or 1300 eastern time, about 20 minutes after the hack first started, and the suspension of the YouTube account followed minutes later. The law had previously granted that concession to urban couples where both parents were only children. @ The slogan, “Je Suis Charlie”, may be overblown. Yet the lessons of the Iraq invasion look ever more relevant. History will treat Jacques Chirac more kindly than Tony Blair. The episode came as plans for a peace summit meeting collapsed. It\'s associated with indecision, a lack of commitment, weakness. It Takes a Crowd: Transforming Venture Investing : I believe crowdfunding can transform (and improve!) venture and other "private market" investing in a number of ways.', '2015-01-14': 'Wall Street Chips Away at Dodd-Frank Rules : The continuing assault on the 2010 Dodd-Frank law has achieved remarkable success, especially compared with the repeated failures of opponents of another 2010 law, the Affordable Care Act. The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. Yet this outpouring of solidarity must not obscure another response across the continent. This opposition is particularly pronounced towards Muslim immigrants. Sadly, these slogans are more likely than ever before now to resonate with European publics. Fortress Europe will become even more of a reality. Europe can still stem this dangerous trend. The Bank said it expected lower oil prices to provide a boost to global activity. Elon Musk has held out the prospect of Tesla achieving “a few million” in annual car sales by 2025, even as reports of a slowdown in China sales sent shares in the electric car company down more than 7 per cent in after-hours trading. @ So if we don’t make a lot of cars, we’re not doing the best that we can. And the right neologism will be not “Abenomics” but “labournomics”. @ Much more important is what is happening to household incomes. Virtually all western economies have seen wages stagnate or fall in recent years. In 2014, Tiffany shares rallied over 60 per cent.', '2015-01-15': 'French Rein in Speech Backing Acts of Terror : Recent court cases in Paris have raised accusations of a double standard on free speech with some pointing to a divide between cartoonists and statements made by Muslim supporters of the gunmen. As long as the Republicans were in opposition, they could just complain. Now, they are coming up with actual reform ideas. Timothy JostThe idea is favored by business groups that support the GOP financially. Most American workers now work close to 40 hours a week and are insured. For many employees this will result immediately in higher taxes or premiums. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. Gloria BorgerWhat a difference a few months makes. And we will know something within "the next few weeks." As in: he campaigned like crazy for candidates who won in red states that Romney had won.) As in: Russia is our "No.1 geopolitical foe.") Democratic nominee Adlai Stevenson, the other hand, not so much. And we think experience is an advantage." Underlying all of this are two Romney presumptions. First, that he would be a better candidate. Romney could not have said it better himself. The press were rewarded with not just Victor but also Mr Li senior. Khazanah on Wednesday said it invested a total of $400m in Alibaba in two tranches in a period over two years ahead of last year’s IPO, which amounted to a stake of 0.6 per cent.', '2015-01-16': "AG Eric Holder Slashes Civil Asset Forfeiture : Today's actions by Eric Holder are a good first step to ending the unjust enforcement of this program once and for all. But now Congress needs to pass legislation to make this change permanent. Value investor Nygren catching Chesapeake Energy : Short-term pain, long-term gain. Some were forced to make a choice in the midst of crisis. Meanwhile, back on planet earth, India may be about to steal another march on China. The switch could happen as early as next year. It might even bring democracy back into fashion. The idea is not as outrageous as it sounds. China’s labour force is shrinking and manufacturing is losing its power. Before long, Beijing will probably allow it to settle down somewhere in the 6-7 per cent range. The decision was not taken as part of a co-ordinated policy with other central banks, said a person with knowledge of the situation. The reform follows years of delays and intra-government wrangling. At time of writing, it had settled 15 per cent above the previous day’s close. Few working FX traders will have seen anything like it. @ In volatile economic times, money floods into Switzerland. But making good use of the cash will challenge a domestic industry shrivelled by years of low orders. @ Judge’s Ruling on Gulf Oil Spill Lowers Ceiling on the Fine BP Is Facing : The ruling puts", '2015-01-17': 'Terrorism, Ferguson, Ebola : Last year was not a kind year. Deadly serious issues confronted the nation. Several arenas epitomized these issues more than most. Belgium Deploys Troops After Foiling Possible Plot : Beefing up security around Jewish sites, embassies and other potential terrorist targets, Belgium deployed scores of heavily armed paratroopers on Saturday in Brussels and Antwerp. Now when you release it, it does not come out smoothly or predictably. This can eat away at investor confidence." Where a client cannot cover this loss, it is passed on to us," the firm said in a statement on its website. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Photograph A Swiss National Bank Building Is Reflected in a Fountain in Bern. A number have been arrested and then released. Authorities have not yet confirmed their identities. Police shot him and the Kouachi brothers dead on January 9. CNN\'s  Ivan Watson reported from Brussels and Tim Lister from Paris, while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London. Terrorism, Ferguson, Ebola : Last year was not a kind year.', '2015-01-18': "Dazzling Customers in an Era of Extreme Expectations : Across industries, across geographies, and across all demographics, companies are no longer winning consumer love against category competitors. Today the battle for consumer loyalty is against companies in any category that define excellent service, lightning fast responses, and bespoke experiences. Chicago No Longer Seems a Lock to Host Obama’s Library, and Many Are Alarmed : President Obama and his wife, Michelle, are said to have “major concerns” with Chicago’s bids to host the Barack Obama Presidential Library, increasing the likelihood it will be built in New York City or Hawaii. Arab Media: See No Evil, Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil : In today's Arab world people are cowed, frightened and living under increasing repression. How could it be otherwise in a region where an alliance of governments, private media businesses, and the public has set itself against dissenting voices, portrayed increasingly as a threat to state security?Republicans Say Goodbye to Latino Voters : The Congressional GOP's unhealthy obsession with President Obama's use of his presidential powers has driven them into a strategic black hole, with very high, long-term costs for the party and future candidates.", '2015-01-19': 'Riding High, Biotech Firms Remain Wary : Soaring stock prices and major advances in fighting diseases have some saying the industry has turned a corner and others watching for a bursting bubble. High rollers have been scared off, double-digit revenue growth has gone into reverse and casino shares have switched from darlings to duds. It has been a rocky start to the year for dollar bulls. Chinese car dealers have also demanded greater financial support from their suppliers. The president, seeking to exploit a tide of populism in the US, will unveil proposals in his State of the Union address tomorrow that would pump funds raised from banks and rich families into policies likely to be popular with the middle class. @ Hide Caption 6 of 7 Photos: Protesters march for peace in UkrainePeople fill the square during the rally. We will not give up a single meter of our land." Meanwhile, fighting in the east continued. CNN\'s Laura Smith-Spark and Dana Ford contributed to this report. The ECB has for several months signalled its intention to follow the US Federal Reserve and Bank of England by initiating quantitative easing.', '2015-01-20': 'Global public confidence in institutions has evaporated in the last year, taking trust levels back to lows not seen since the financial crisis in 2009, according to research to be presented at the World Economic Forum in Davos this week. @ “ If this comes to pass, the correct reaction would be: about time too. And while in the medium term it would mainly reflect their relative positions in the economic cycle, sustaining it over a longer period will require Narendra Modi’s government in Delhi to play as good a liberalisation game as it talks. @ It may have been effective in 2012, but I don\'t find it to be effective anymore. Either way, that may owe as much to a reviving economy as anything else. Hard to see what is different today than 60 days ago." The China Securities Regulatory Commission has taken note. As the market has run, leveraged exposure has increased. CCTV Script 20/01/15 : — This is the script of CNBC\'s news report for China\'s CCTV on January 20, Tuesday. We\'ve already seen cuts this year by India and Peru. That is down from 4.5 percent as recently as last spring, the lowest since May 2013 and far below the 5 percent-plus rates that prevailed as recently as early 2011.', '2015-01-21': 'France Vows Forceful Measures Against Terrorism : Prime Minister Manuel Valls of France announced new security measures Wednesday in Paris, including proposals to add about 2,500 new jobs to fight terrorism and monitor potential threats. The views expressed in this commentary are solely his. ( Yet it fails to grow enough food even to feed its own people. The third area where leadership is absolutely crucial is the climate crisis. There are welcome signs that this is, at last, beginning to be understood. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. Less than six months ago Vladimir Putin seemed invincible. The rating agency Standard & Poor’s is considering downgrading Russia’s sovereign rating to junk status. First by the morning, and later by the sea. The November Gale tows a rickety 20-foot fishing boat close behind. My job is sometimes the easiest job in the world and sometimes my job is the most difficult job in the world," Leask says. We started out diving for 25 cents an urchin. The council also imposed a moratorium on licenses. " The ship is sinking, so we’re launching the life rafts.” Their holdings of sovereign bonds will rise in value. What do you get when you cross three conglomerates? For Citic’s buyers, the benefits are unclear. Itochu estimates it will generate annual profits of', '2015-01-22': 'The power of “mass entrepreneurship and innovation” will ensure China’s economy avoids a hard landing, its premier Li Keqiang told the World Economic Forum in Davos, but growth will be slower in future. @ Who gave the country the rope with which to hang itself? The SNB has embraced the risk of deflation from which the ECB wishes to escape. @ Oil and gas are booming; the city of Denver is booming; but there are other places that clearly are not." Everything is going to go downhill anyway." So you cannot get benefits like vacation days, sick days." He has received one raise and now makes $8.85 an hour. Photograph Donald Castillo, of Denver, Who has Survived On Part-Time Work and Odd Jobs Since Losing His Job Two Years Ago (Photograph by Kevin Moloney for the New York Times) (A12); Joe Oncina, an Information Technician in Wealthy Marin County, Calif. (Photograph by Jim Wilson/the New York Times); Joan Rhodes, Who Works in Covington, Ga., and Said She Was Glad the Republicans Were Running Congress (Photograph by Kevin Liles for the New York Times) (A17) Charts: Obama and the Economy: Do You Approve or Disapprove of the Way President Obama Is Handling the Economy? ( A bigger child care credit is particularly good tax policy. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine.', '2015-01-23': 'Sony Says It Needs to Postpone Results After Hacking : The company said it would delay a quarterly earnings report as a result of disruptions to the computer network at its American film studio, Sony Pictures Entertainment. Trading in shares of Hutchison Whampoa was suspended on Friday morning in Hong Kong. Any score below 50 indicates contraction. The deal is awaiting Chinese regulatory approval. A formal announcement is expected next week. @ The new firm is to be known as Dentons outside of China and Dacheng inside China. Today we are showing that that credibility is deserved. ” Both sides have tried to grab territory around that line to strengthen their strategic positions. But recent days have seen an ominous increase in both the tempo and violence of military operations. @ As an exercise in bridge building, Mr Obama scores low marks. The E.C.B. is right to follow the Fed in this regard, and the sooner the better." While the bond-buying targets may seem large, they are by no means infinite. But if you do do it, it could have a substantial effect.": For the rest of the American economy, it will not matter so much. But don\'t buy euros now -- wait for the trip. On Thursday, the euro dropped by more than 2 percent against the dollar, to just below $1.14. Whatever drove your forecast before is still there." Photograph by Hannelore Foerster/Getty Images)', '2015-01-24': 'Renewed U.S.-Cuba Relations: Saving American Lives and Limbs? : American lives and limbs are also, quite literally, at stake. The majority of Japanese citizens are proud of what we have achieved over the last 70 years. No, we will never become expansionists again, never. But as Democrats look for a potential heir, they are finding few options. Crusading for Israel in a Way Some Say Is Misguided : To show, as she put it, “there is a price to Jewish blood,” Nitsana Darshan-Leitner sues nations, terrorist organizations and others that have harmed Israelis — angering some on the left in Israel. He is the author of "Manhunt: The Ten-Year Search for bin Laden -- From 9/11 to Abbottabad." This is a smart move by Obama and his foreign policy team. But oil has a wonderful way of soothing even the most troubled waters. The Saudis are also watching the continuing Iranian-American dialogue over Iran\'s nuclear program with great concern. As of early 2014 some 1,200 Saudis had traveled to Syria, of whom 220 had returned to the kingdom, according to a senior Saudi official. This passes the torch of Saudi succession beyond the gerontocracy of King Abdullah\'s brothers to a new generation. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine.', '2015-01-25': 'Left-wing Syriza party poised to win Greek vote - CNN : Greece \'leaves behind the austerity that ruined it,\' party leader vows after vote : Story highlights "We are regaining our lost dignity," Tsipras tells cheering supporters:Official projections indicate the left-wing Syriza party has won at least 149 seats in ParliamentThe party has vowed to renegotiate Greece\'s bailout and get some of its debt written off (CNN)The firebrand leader of Greece\'s left-wing Syriza party appeared to be bracing for a bigger battle as he declared victory in Sunday\'s election. So let\'s go and let\'s all continue this beautiful and tough fight. " With more than 70% of votes counted, Syriza was officially projected to win at least 149 seats in the 300-seat Parliament. But it\'s unclear how its plans to renegotiate the bailout would play out. Greek elections: Is Alexis Tsipras man of the moment? - I was supposed to get my pension next year and now that has been pushed back by two years. The initial frustration he felt has turned to anger. Have politicians ever asked an unemployed citizen when he wakes up in the morning and who has a family, if this person has a single euro, or €5, in his pocket to buy a carton of milk to feed his children?" The failure to look around can mean real money lost for consumers." Chart Index for Adjustable Rate Mortgages: 1-Year Treasury Rate (Source: Hsh.', '2015-01-26': 'British Firm TransferWise Attracts $58 Million : With the dollar having recently hit an 11-year high against the euro, technology start-ups are positioning themselves to take advantage of continuing volatility in many of the world’s currency markets. CCTV Script 26/01/15 : — This is the script of CNBC\'s news report for China\'s CCTV on January 26, Monday. Greece owes more than $350 billion to government institutions and investors. Jeff Halley / Saxo Capital Markets] "I think they are pretty high right now. bi-lateral agreement in place for Greece." CNBC Qian Chen, reporting from Singapore. Opinion: Why is GOP going after Social Security? - Social Security is actually two separate programs, Old Age and Survivors Insurance (OASI), and the much smaller Disability Insurance program (DI). This isn\'t anything new -- it\'s been done many times in recent years. The justification is always that the program is "going broke." But Republicans will be back for another attack on Social Security soon enough. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. They have to pay; those are the European rules of the game. Most people did not believe we could stand strong, but we did." Shanghai has ditched its official economic growth target for 2015, becoming the first major city or province in China to abandon such metrics as government policy shifts towards a focus on growth quality over quantity. @ It looks as though Klaus Schwab can rest @ easy.', '2015-01-27': "5 Homemade Soups to Keep You Warm Through Winter : Making soups from scratch yields delicious meals and helps limit your family's exposure to chemicals and added ingredients found in canned soups. As I've touched upon a little in this post, I always like to take it one step further by using safer food containers made of glass and stainless steel to help limit my use of plastics. Planes aside, that future could be coming sooner than many people realise. The Obama-Xi Jinping climate change accord put lifeless international talks back into play. Yet the timing of both his visits is revealing. It is as though Mr Obama is seeking refuge in the bigger picture. Apparent steel consumption dropped 3.4 per cent last year, the first fall since 1995. The harbourfront building was previously owned by Blackstone. After a rescheduling in 2012, its enormous debt is mostly owed to other European governments. @ John Paul Getty once opined that “if you owe the bank $100, that’s your problem if you owe the bank $100m, that’s the bank’s problem”. A man who contacted the agency voluntarily about the incident was being questioned on Monday afternoon. @ Also, private messages on the service can now be sent to as many as 20 people.: By 2025, the annual deficit will be back over $1 trillion. These are deficits in jobs, deficits in infrastructure, deficits in", '2015-01-28': "Hostage Crisis Shows How Japan Fails to Protect Its Citizens -- And What It's Doing About It : TOKYO -- It is unacceptable for a government to be unable to protect its own citizens. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( Read MoreThe Koch brothers have already shown they can have a heart. JUST WATCHEDWhich donors are attending Koch brothers' winter meeting?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhich donors are attending Koch brothers' winter meeting? a consulting firm specializing in emerging threat prevention. He previously served as the Pentagon's acting assistant secretary for homeland defense and deputy under secretary of intelligence at the Department of Homeland Security. Our nation has wisely opted for a balanced approach. For them, this is the cost of doing business. This allows TSA officers to focus their attention on more consequential threats to aviation security. This will be good for our economy and our security. A fashionable view these days is that China's investment boom is unsustainable. I’ve been refreshing over and over again but still no BMW ad . . . today my spirits are in the dumps,” said one WeChatter. “ Sesame Credit will rate both consumers and small businesses. Instead of reading the tea leaves in Riyadh and Vienna, they are", '2015-01-29': "An Open Letter to Speaker John Boehner : You are interfering with our democratic process in a blunt, unforgivable manner. I hope that our future leaders, whoever they may be, won't forget it. Follow him on Twitter, Facebook or Instagram. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( All of this was funded by the CNN reader donations, he said. Enforcement efforts also give cause for hope. For that I'm incredibly, genuinely, awesomely thankful. Read CNNOpinion's new Flipboard magazine. Throughout much of the world, auto market prospects appear sluggish. China, in our view, presents a different story. Having together watched the annual Republic Day parade of India’s military hardware, Messrs Obama and Modi have put relations on a more intimate footing, hugging and joking like lost brothers. Most of the onus will rest on Mr Modi to deliver on promised economic reforms. Indonesia is the world’s most populous Muslim-majority country. Blasphemy is illegal and atheism unrecognised. On Monday Standard & Poor’s downgraded Russia to BB+, one notch below investment grade. Is losing its investment grade a big deal for Russia? It's a leveling of the playing field that has been a long time coming, and a trend that shows no signs of dying out. And it's the greatest threat to our future national, economic and military security.", '2015-01-30': 'Rubio winner from Romney decision (Opinion) - CNN : Rubio winner from Romney decision : Story highlightsMitt Romney tells supporters Friday he does not intend to run for president in 2016Ruben Navarrette: Rubio gets a Christmas present he can really use: a second chanceRuben Navarrette is a CNN contributor and a nationally syndicated columnist with the Washington Post Writers Group. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. It\'s something that just six months ago, few political observers could have predicted. You know that I have wanted to be that president. With Cruz\'s arrival, Rubio\'s stock with the right dropped further. The self-described son of exiles was himself an exile from his own party. Last month, Rubio got a Christmas present he could really use: a second chance. And yet the poll that really matters is the enthusiasm meter. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. Cracks in "Talent Pipeline" Pose Risks for Employers and College Students With Disabilities : America\'s colleges and universities would do well to examine what RIT and other leaders in career services are doing right, because many, if not most, are getting it wrong. Just 12 hours later its website went dark. @ Local media quoted a company employee saying they owed investors substantial sums. If being big was enough, Alibaba would already have it nailed. Margins are not the biggest Alibaba story this week.', '2015-01-31': 'Women in Business Q&A: Stacy Doren, Vice President of Marketing, Levi\'s : Stacy Doren joined the company in 1999 and currently serves as the Vice President of Marketing for Levi\'s Brand, Americas. Over the years she has gained a breadth of experiences working in all aspects of Marketing from Direct-to-Consumer to Wholesale to Brand, both Globally and Regionally. But events in the Middle East and Washington demonstrated again how hamstrung his administration continues to be. Mexico: Declining Price of Oil Prompts Budget Cuts : The government said it would cut $8.3 billion, sharply reducing the budget of the state oil company and effectively canceling a bullet train project at the center of a conflict-of-interest scandal. Discussions were unlikely to resume on Sunday, according to the diplomat. A previous ceasefire agreement negotiated in Minsk in September crumbled long ago. It\'s not clear who is responsible for the shelling. In previous instances, each side has blamed the other. " Moscow denies the allegation, although it has said some Russian soldiers are fighting as volunteers. From mid-April to January 21, the conflict killed at least 5,086 people and injured at least 10,948 others, according to the United Nations. Journalist Victoria Butenko and CNN\'s Jason Hanna contributed to this report. Women in Business Q&A: Stacy Doren, Vice President of Marketing, Levi\'s : Stacy Doren joined the company in 1999 and currently serves as the Vice President of Marketing for Levi\'s Brand, Americas.', '2015-02-01': "A Racial Incident at a Hockey Game : There have been recurrent racial incidents during these years and wiser heads have managed to step up and bring calmness to the situation. Testing Reach of Europeu2019s Privacy Rules : A man’s victory in a Paris court could set a precedent that Europe’s “right to be forgotten” ruling should apply far more broadly than originally understood. Taking Your Startup Public Is Fraught With Negatives : In the old days, every entrepreneur dreamed of easily taking their startup public, and making it big. Today the rate of startups going public (IPO -- Initial Public Offering) is up from the dead zone, but is still less than half the rate of 15 years ago. Smart entrepreneurs now avoid this option like the plague. Not In Our Name : As was the case in 1996, this policy of appeasement had dire consequences for the democratic opposition in Cuba, which suffered several setbacks over the next four years. Why Rescue the Latest Failed 'Chief for Change'? : It is time to not only re-evaluate the public policies that govern communications services in America, but fix what's broken -- finally. Songbirds Carry on Dinosaurs' Predatory Legacy : We should better appreciate our avian species and other wildlife diversity around us. We are learning more and more about the origins of our natural world and the interrelationships that collectively provide the essence of life on earth.", '2015-02-02': "Roland Lavantureux runs a small domaine in Chablis, not just growing his family’s Chardonnay grapes but also bottling their produce. By moving quickly, GoDaddy limited the damage. This is how brand managers need to approach marketing today. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( Such questions call for informed judgment that balances values, incentives, context and other factors. That difficulty is inherent in all social systems. ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat is big data? The fact that it is now a tourist attraction does little to explain its value. We have no access to a counterfactual world in which the human genome project did not exist. Change the inputs slightly, and radically different outputs will emerge. Gathering more data — twice as much, 10 times as much, a hundred times as much — won't change this. Ease of measurement does not correspond with importance. Read CNNOpinion's new Flipboard magazine. That was down from 50.1Yan Jiehe, the Chinese construction magnate chasing indebted local authorities for Rmb50bn ($8bn) in unpaid infrastructure bills, is turning his gaze to another risky market, saying that he is on the hunt for investment deals in Greece. @", '2015-02-03': "The specter of the Islamic State has silenced congressional criticism and marginalized anti-war voices on the outside. Step out of your comfort zone and into a new experience -- now is better than ever before. CNN : Can an army of GOP candidates for 2016 make party competitive? : The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( But an abundance of candidates comes with an abundance of problems. Republican support for deregulation and tax reduction has proven enormously popular among these interests. In contrast, Republicans have not done as well. \u200bRead CNNOpinion's new Flipboard magazine. As they say in the US: situation normal, all fouled up — or words to that effect. @ Yet there are undertows we ignore at our risk. A rising dollar is not the picnic it is made it out to be. @ But these are juicy compared to Germany (0.3 per cent), Japan (0.25 per cent) and even the UK (1.3 per cent). Talent no more discriminates between the genders than it does with respect to race or creed. Any employer that did so would hobble its ability to hire the best candidate. In a rational world half of senior jobs would go to women. It is a little like getting a lump of coal in your Christmas stocking. We [are] looking for how we can communicate with the rest of the world,” Mr Ma said in the speech. What Will We Do With Cubans' Overflowing Hopes? :", '2015-02-04': "A Skilled Operator, Embracing Change : Carl E. Heastie says he hopes to reform the almost czarlike system in which the Assembly is ruled by its speaker, though his political career would seem to make him better suited to thrive in that environment. There's a new wave of female entrepreneurs proving that it is possible to combine a successful career with full time travel. Are People Using Apple Pay, Other Mobile Payments? : New technology that lets us pay for things with our phones sounds pretty amazing, right? And that transformation does not exist outside of an encounter with Jesus. The monthly purchasing managers' index for the services sector slowed from 53.4 in December to 51.8 last month, as new orders eased. Government buying of cotton, wheat, corn, soya, sugar and rice at above market prices has encouraged farmers to grow strategic crops. China’s railway infrastructure builders have stopped at both of late. @ They are quietly encouraging one, all the same. Online peer-to-peer lending is also developing.", '2015-02-05': "Fox Reduces Its Forecast for Growth : 21st Century Fox slashed its guidance for long-term growth because of struggles in its broadcast group, unfavorable foreign currency exchange and shifts in its film group. Maximum austerity and minimum reform have been the outcome of the Greek crisis so far. The fiscal and external adjustments have been painful. The Greek people have suffered, but in vain. They are poorer than they thought they were. It will leave rivals in Beijing and Brussels salivating. The United Nations says the number of civilian casualties is climbing. Separatist leaders there declared independence from Ukraine and sided with Russia. Despite efforts to forge a peace deal in September, there's been an uptick in violence in recent weeks. It has acknowledged that there are some Russian soldiers there but says they are volunteers. They are due to meet with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and Putin. However, it quickly crumbled amid continued fighting. Trust builds on itself just as distrust builds on itself as well, compounding into deep enmity over time. As a share of gross domestic product, debt has risen from 270 per cent to 286 per cent. @ Opinion) - CNN : Where's Obama's ISIS strategy? : Dan Coats, an Indiana Republican, is a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee.", '2015-02-06': 'The January Jobs Report in Pictures : Today\'s strong jobs report shows continuing labor-market improvement but also continuing significant "slack" -- people who are not working but want to be, or people who want to work full-time but can only find part-time jobs. Prominent among those struggling to find work are the roughly three in 10 jobless workers who\'ve been looking for a job for 27 weeks or longer. Investors\' newfound appetite in emerging Asia funds proved temporary. @ Indeed, Iran\'s parliament has already demonstrated the risk of raising the stakes now. However, there is scant evidence to support this supposition and much to suggest otherwise. The fact is that they won\'t go back until they know how the talks will turn out. Congress is very much present in these negotiations. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. At issue are articles 8 and 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights, or ECHR, regarding the rights to privacy and to freedom of expression. Those activities have always been subject to strict safeguards. The (tribunal) has made clear that no further action is required. " The Lure of the Gold Coast : The Gold Coast suburbs of Long Island’s North Shore have been discovered by wealthy Chinese. And some developers are going out of their way to make properties more attractive to them.', '2015-02-07': 'District of Columbia Sees Loophole in Congress’s Move to Halt Marijuana Law : After voters in the district approved legalization last fall, a federal provision seeking to block it may hang on the interpretation of a single word. Merkel and French President Francois Hollande met with Putin in Moscow on Friday. She defended borders in Europe as "inviolable. " Read MoreThe French, German and Russian leaders met to begin drawing up a new proposal to end the bitter conflict in eastern Ukraine. The peace talks lasted into early Saturday. We believe we should attempt an honorable peace. Are C.E.O.s That Talented, or Just Lucky? : The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( When we possess Christ, we possess truth. " Read MoreNo, Obama is not the anti-Christ. Maybe Allah is just another way of saying "God"? This take on faith dominates in English Anglicanism and its American Episcopalian branch. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. He had his best month (measured by month-to-month improvement) of his entire second term, and the fourth-best month he\'s ever had as president. There are several common content problems that turn users away, and understanding them can help you improve your content to retain the greatest possible audience.', '2015-02-08': 'Nigeria Postpones Elections, Saying Security Is a Concern : The closely contested presidential election, originally scheduled for next Saturday, will be held March 28, an official said. And analysts say that the ruling party feared losing the vote. Merkel: Ukraine peace \'uncertain\' after Putin talks - CNN : Russian, Ukrainian leaders plan to meet as more civilians die : Story highlightsRussian, Ukrainian, German and French leaders plan to meet in Minsk, Belarus, on WednesdayThe U.N. says Hundreds of civilians have been killed this year in the Ukraine crisisKiev, Ukraine (CNN)Amid renewed violence in eastern Ukraine, the leaders of Russia, Ukraine, Germany and France planned a face-to-face meeting in Belarus on Wednesday. However, it quickly crumbled amid continued fighting. They have also accused Russia of sending troops to the border to fight. I have grave doubts about the validity of this point." Frederik Pleitgen reported from Kiev; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta; and Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk. A major historical anniversary we observe this month suggests that the name is far more appropriate than has been realized. While campaigning, he said he would reject a bailout extension. Read MoreSince 2010, Greece has received bailouts totaling 240 billion euros. Exploration and drilling is mostly on hiatus there until crude rebounds, industry members said last week. Business Gains Are Doubled When They\'re Done With Love : If you\'re focused on the profit of your work, things are only good when there\'s a profit.', '2015-02-09': 'China Hits Qualcomm With Fine : In addition to the $975 million penalty, a record for the country, the chip maker agreed to sharply reduce the royalties it charges Chinese smartphone makers. She is an assistant professor of psychology at Weill Medical College of Cornell University and a former gender scholar at Stanford University. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer. ( People asked why these women would be so careless as to take them, and send them, in the first place? There are some very skilled hackers out there.) Just look at how she\'s acted in the past." Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. Now the Democrat represents Massachusetts in Congress. More than 5,000 people have died and more than 1m have been displaced. Over the past year, I have come across several cases where the forces of financial democratisation are redefining the outer edges of the financial service industry. The democratisation of finance comes in many forms. Will Chinese companies too take the world by storm? So too has South Korea with Samsung and Hyundai.', '2015-02-10': 'Migrant Worker Wins Hong Kong Abuse Case : The Indonesian servant in the case, Erwiana Sulistyaningsih, said she hoped the conviction of her former employer on 18 counts would improve treatment of domestic workers. And it couldn\'t happen at a more dangerous time. This time, people\'s hopes, tempers and disillusionment are, if anything, even higher. But there are now six weeks to the election. Let\'s break this down: APC has limited funds. His group was still trying to get confirmation on two counties. This is about entering into the institution of marriage. I think that tells us something about what we might expect," she said. They should both be recused from this case. CNN\'s Devon M. Sayers contributed to this report. The intergalactic technology battle has been joined. The strong dollar has wrought less damage on US corporate profits than feared. Economic growth numbers themselves are notoriously prone to revision. Wang Zegang makes mining machinery for the coal industry at his factory in Shandong province. The United Arab Emirates or Saudi Arabia could roll up Nigeria and Russia. But countries are not companies, for better or worse.', '2015-02-11': 'I cannot recall a moment when the gap between what markets expect the US Federal Reserve to do and what the Fed itself has forecast it will do has been as large. Markets predict that the Fed will raise rates only to 1.6 per cent by the end of 2017  the Federal Open Market Committee’s average forecast is 3.5 per cent. @ Job openings are above their historic average. All of this taken in isolation would suggest that interest rates should not remain at zero much longer. The resulting profit, $18bn, is unfathomably large. The influence of its products is immense. We live in an age of information, mobility and connectivity. At one end, Apple  at the other, General Motors. First, let us celebrate the good news: it seems that the scourge of Ebola is gradually abating. And that was before people were whizzing around the world on aircraft. These days diseases move and mutate frighteningly fast. That envy may soon make itself felt anew. @ After market, the stock bounced 3 per cent. @ In the past this has resembled a good cop-bad cop routine. Both Atlantic and Pacific trade deals are at a crossroads. However, Mr Obama should take nothing for granted.', '2015-02-12': 'China and Pakistan have one of the closest yet least understood relationships in international diplomacy. On the surface they have little in common. China’s state is strong and its economy has been growing for decades. China is communist and religion is tightly controlled. We tend not to see things through Beijing’s eyes. If we are to make sense of shifting realities, we will have to try. Unfortunately we haven’t been able to do that so we’ll continue on Monday and move on from there. ” It was the summer of 2007 and I wanted to open a bank account. In the next few days the focus of international attention will once again be on whether to punish Russia. The study, produced for Credit Suisse, similarly show shows that brewers and distillers were the best-performing British shares of the past 115 years, turning £1 into £243,152, including dividends. The company also announced a $2.5 billion stock repurchase program. It\'s better to have this new deal rather than not to have (it). But we do not trust any words or any papers. Read MoreBelarussian President Alexander Lukashenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko. Putin said both sides have agreed to pull back heavy weapons. Only with this," he said, slapping his weapon.', '2015-02-13': 'Missouri House Passes Anti-Union Bill, Ignoring Threat of a Veto : The vote in the Republican-controlled House, in which more than 23 Republicans joined Democrats in opposing the measure, suggested that the bill might die this year. In the Internet We Trust: Is There a Need for an Internet Social Contract? : Negative interest rates were almost unknown until recently. Photograph Stefan Ingves, Right, Governor of the Swedish Central Bank, After a News Conference On Thursday in Stockholm. The other side thinks it is too spineless and probably ineffectual. The costs were a fraction of what Reliance would pay in its home market of India if such long-term debt were available. @ To whom will monuments be built a century from now? Among them, perhaps, will be Lee Kuan Yew. But it would be foolish to view the pact more optimistically than that. Agricultural market participants have also been affected. So I\'m already concerned that we are seeing this morning a continuation of hostilities. " Nastya, 14; Dasha, 7; and Kiriusha,  2 1/2 , were dead. " We lived, grew up, took our children to school. " It\'s better to have this new deal rather than not to have (it). That swiftly disintegrated amid continued violence. \' JUST WATCHEDWill Putin stick to new ceasefire?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWill Putin stick to new ceasefire?', '2015-02-14': "Braving the Freezing Temperatures for Love, Religion and Chocolate Sales : On Friday, temperatures hovered in the teens, and on Sunday it could get as low as 2 degrees with a wind chill factor as low as minus 20.Selling Cure for Being Gay Found Illegal in New Jersey : Ruling in a high-profile lawsuit, a State Superior Court judge said that those selling the idea that homosexuality was a curable mental disorder were engaged in consumer fraud. South Carolina State will not be served well by closure. The Invention Mob : Quirky, a company that uses crowdsourcing to create and refine products, could be a model for bringing ideas to market in a faster, more efficient way. Everyone who came here with weapons started wars. JUST WATCHEDFareed's Take: What will make Russia abide a ceasefire?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHFareed's Take: What will make Russia abide a ceasefire? That swiftly disintegrated amid continued violence. CNN's Ingrid Formanek and Nick Paton Walsh in Donetsk, Brian Walker, Alla Eshchenko and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report, as did journalists Victoria Butenko and Azad Safarov. That was slightly more than the 0.2 percent economists had expected. The economies of only three eurozone members, Cyprus, Finland and Greece, contracted. Perhaps more worrying, inflationary pressures are absent. But adaptivity takes knowledge, skill and practice.", '2015-02-15': 'While western governments worry over the threat of Ebola, a more pervasive but far less malign epidemic is spreading through their populations like a winter sniffle: mobile personal technology. The similarity between disease organisms and personal devices is striking. Smartphones and other gadgets do the same thing, feeding on ever-increasing amounts of human attention and electricity supplied via wire umbilici. @ The combined company would be worth about $6bn, local media calculate based on recent fundraisings. He volunteered and the rest was “fate”, she says. @ And they will be even more so when they see how this ratio is moving at the San Francisco bank. And compared to most banking statistics, which are so complicated that even clever people can’t fathom them, this one is simple enough that any idiot can grasp it in a second. Two very different companies made significant announcements last week. The next day, Apple gave its regular quarterly update. The investors’ reactions raise two questions. After Copenhagen, What Next for Europe? : First In, Last Out : We live in a corporate environment that often places great importance on the "First In, Last Out" philosophy. This danger is self-fabricated, our professional Achilles heel.', '2015-02-16': 'Nigeria’s Miserable Choices : A presidential election between a lousy incumbent and a former autocratic leader was postponed because of fears over the safety of voters, but that may not help matters. Taps Run Dry in Brazil’s Largest City : A lack of political will, poor environmental management and a long dry spell have conspired to put São Paulo, a metropolitan area of 20 million, on the verge of a harsh rationing plan. Oil and gas accounts for 95 per cent of exports and 70 per cent of government revenues. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his. ( But a close look at the data reveals a different story. Researchers at Harvard Business School discovered a similar pattern among Wall Street analysts. It gets in the way of effective teamwork. The first tip: Establish a very clear hierarchy. When structure is wanting and power is up for grabs, competition and status conflicts arise more easily. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazineFollow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion. Is Teach for America Beginning to Lose Its Luster? : A recent article notes that the TFA program is "suddenly having recruitment problems." To date, there has been no major publicly funded research program in geoengineering.', '2015-02-17': 'U.N. calls for an end to fighting in Ukraine - CNN : Ceasefire falters, U.N. Security Council calls for end to fighting in Ukraine : Story highlights "We are caught in a deadly feedback loop," says the U.S. ambassador to the United NationsViolence erupts in Debaltseve; separatists say they have 60 Ukrainian prisoners of warOfficial: Five more Ukrainian service members have been killed in the past 24 hoursDonetsk, Ukraine (CNN)Diplomats were left scrambling Tuesday as a truce between the government in Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists was falling apart. Russia speaks of peace and then fuels conflict. Hide Caption 4 of 49 Photos: Crisis in UkraineA Ukrainian serviceman fires a grenade launcher on the front lines near Donetsk on Saturday, May 30.Hide Caption 5 of 49 Photos: Crisis in UkrainePro-Russian rebels carry the coffin of prominent separatist commander Alexei Mozgovoi during his funeral in Alchevsk, Ukraine, on Wednesday, May 27.Hide Caption 6 of 49 Photos: Crisis in UkraineAn American soldier, right, trains Ukrainian troops on Tuesday, April 21, near Yavoriv, Ukraine. CNN cannot independently verify those claims. It is not clear what other reasons may have led to the cancellation. They continue to attack us, shell us; they use artillery, mortars. " The views expressed in this commentary are strictly his own. ( Twitter makes its first Indian acquisition. @ Most of these will be on handheld devices.', '2015-02-18': 'As Rivals Falter, India’s Economy Is Surging Ahead : Long considered a laggard, India is seeing a lift in its stock market as multinational companies look to expand operations there or start new ones. Ocean Acidification Now Watchable In Real Time : This story\xa0originally appeared on Climate Central. Mr. Putin kept largely out of public view in Budapest. Project Sheds Light on What Drives Genes : Researchers hope the discoveries, described in two dozen papers released on Wednesday, will eventually lead to a deeper understanding of diseases and new ways to treat or cure them. Social CRM: The Game Changer for Companies That Want to Engage With Their Customers : Your company may use social media but if the usage is neither strategic nor integrated, you may not really be hearing what your customers want. Therefore, you run the risk of failing to fulfill their value expectations. House Hunting In ...Thailand : A military coup in Thailand last spring and the imposition of martial law, which continues, slowed property sales, but they have rebounded since the beginning of this year.', '2015-02-19': 'Yahoo Woos App Developers With Suite of New Tools : Building on its acquisition of the start-up Flurry last year, the Internet company is seeking to broaden its influence with mobile application developers by offering them better analytic and advertising services.: WASHINGTON -- The Federal Reserve is not sounding like an institution that is ready to raise its benchmark interest rate in June. You can almost hear a little hesitation in the committee," said Zach Pandl, senior interest rate strategist at the investment firm Columbia Management. " They sound confident on the economy but nervous on pulling the trigger on rate hikes." The minutes were released after a standard three-week delay. I think they want to preserve the option, but you\'ve still got inflation and wages not doing what you want. But the meeting account said that other officials were increasingly concerned. " Guantánamo Conviction of Australian Is Overturned : The decision in the case of David Hicks, an Australian who trained with Al Qaeda, was another setback for the tribunal system set up after the Sept. 11 attacks. A dull office can mean dull performance; a bright office can bring out brighter ideas and motivation. You might have to start out your career in a "boiler room" setting, but as you progress in your field there\'s no reason you have to be stuck inside a tedious office.', '2015-02-20': 'Separate Philanthropy From Political Clout : Money has been flowing from abroad into the Clinton Foundation, which raises too many questions about potential conflicts of interest for a probable presidential candidate. Ideology Seen as Factor in Closings at University : A panel in North Carolina has recommended closing three academic centers, including a poverty center and one dedicated to social change, sparking outrage among liberals. Help in Fight Against ISIS : Turkey and the United States signed an agreement to train and equip moderate Syrian rebels to fight militants from the Islamic State, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said, according to the Anadolu News Agency. Weakness of Currency Vexes China : The renminbi’s value reflects money flowing out of the country, as wealthy Chinese move large sums overseas and foreign investors grow skeptical over the economy. P2P Lending Is Dead : First, disco bit the dust. Now, peer-to-peer lending has been annihilated. Her standing among Democrats was far weaker eight years ago than it is today, based on polls and on the actions of other potential candidates. And the center-left has not had the energy and the political will to come up with alternatives that would require creative thinking.', '2015-02-21': "A Bush Outsider, Backing Jeb but Wary of Family Business : As Columba Bush wrestled with whether to support her husband, Jeb Bush, if he decided to run for president, her sense of duty was mixed with dread. PARIS -- The eurozone economy perked up again this month, a private sector report showed on Friday, powered by continuing strength in Germany and surprisingly strong growth in France. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Four of his comrades were killed near Debaltseve, Ukraine. From left, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President François Hollande and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko gather before negotiations begin on Wednesday, February 11. More than 1 million people have been displaced. The ensuing ouster of Yanukovych triggered more turbulence and violence. Clark: Advantages to leaking plan to attack ISIS ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHGen. CNN's Nick Paton Walsh in Donetsk, Frederik Pleitgen in Kiev and Erin McLaughlin in Moscow contributed to this report. Maduro Does Not Know How to Govern : All this to hide that he doesn't know how to govern and can only imitate the dismal model he's inherited from his mentors of the Plaza of the Revolution.", '2015-02-22': 'With Immigration Injunction, Texas Judge Condemns Millions to Continued Life in the Shadows : With his last-minute decision, Judge Hanen has blocked nearly 5 million aspiring Americans from getting right with the law, working and paying taxes, and living free from the constant fear of deportation and separation from their families. Why We\'re All Becoming Independent Contractors : The rise of "independent contractors" Is the most significant legal trend in the American workforce -- contributing directly to low pay, irregular hours, and job insecurity. Spyware in Lenovo PCs Is Placed at Core of System  : Security companies are doing a better job at surrounding computers with defenses. Now the fight has moved far inside the machine, where unwanted or malicious software is nearly impossible to detect. Improbable Allies: Faith and the World Bank : What inspired me was a rather realistic balancing of hope and prophecy and a grounded appreciation that complex realities are involved, first at the political and intellectual levels, and second, where it matters most, with the myriad communities where poverty and sharing are not abstractions but a daily challenge. These marriages are all the sweeter because when we were married by an Alabama Probate Judge three decades ago, it was a very different world. Nevertheless, funding for CHIP runs out on Sept. 30 unless Congress acts.', '2015-02-23': 'FDA Approves 23andMe\'s DNA Test, But Not the One It Halted Earlier : FDA\'s decision to approve 23andMe\'s Bloom syndrome carrier test is a first step for the online offer of medical genetic testing, but the real regulatory breakthroughs have yet to come. WASHINGTON -- When President Obama addressed members of the Democratic National Committee here over the weekend, he offered a glowing account of the economic recovery under his administration. " I suspect that she will come forward with some new ideas and some innovative ideas on how we can begin to move wages up and how we can help businesses expand more rapidly and create more jobs." Go through the numbers, look where we are today. She has a wage problem that she has to fix.": For those with hard currency, a new copy of "50 Shades of Grey" goes for $2.50. The aggression of power from the United States is total and on a daily basis." What\'s not clear is the proof of wrongdoing in this case." He knows that every day there are more opponents," she said. They know that the revolution is over, and they\'re scared." Credit: SIMON ROMERO and GIRISH GUPTA; Maria Eugenia Diaz contributed reporting. Photograph Top, a Sample Bank Note with the Face of President NicoláS Maduro of Venezuela and the Word "Devaluated."', '2015-02-24': 'Syriza\'s First \'Defeat\' -- What Does It Mean? : Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko said the  ceasefire that was due to go into effect is in "big danger. Pro-Russian separatists have also accused Ukraine of instigating violence. With regard to its nationality, Crimean people made their choice, which we must respect. " My attitude to America is bad," one woman said. " The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers. ( It also includes those who work at DHS and the people that depend on them. And it is in these specific roles -- supporting state emergency management agencies, writing checks to localities and individuals who have suffered harm, and training hundreds of thousands of first-responders on how to protect their communities -- that the DHS standoff will surely be felt. Without funding, homeowners and those harmed in disasters will not receive monetary relief. Of course our disaster-relief system is not perfect. \u200bRead CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. He was President Barack Obama\'s green jobs advisor in 2009. I am not endorsing her as a candidate, at this point. Warren will not run, they cry -- though a draft movement has convinced her before. Now, more than ever, we need those discussions. In other words, exactly what happened in 2008. Republicans will be ready to fightThe Republican primary will unquestionably be highly competitive. And so does most of the Democratic Party. Millions of Americans are fighting for justice in their communities. Syriza\'s First \'Defeat\' -- What Does It Mean? :', '2015-02-25': "Minimum Wage for City’s Tipped Workers Will Increase to $7.50 : New York State’s acting labor commissioner, with support from Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, ordered the raise to go into effect at the end of the year. West Coast Port Gridlock Hits Inventory at Macy’s and Home Depot : The department store and home improvement chains, which both reported solid fourth-quarter earnings, have yet to see the full impact of shipping delays that hit inventory levels during a West Coast ports dispute. Warren Buffett has done a lot of good for investors. Any score above 50 indicates expansion in the monthly survey. @ It’s often said that asset markets are driven by greed and fear. Professor Robert Shiller is in no doubt which of the two is in control right now. People are fundamentally worried about what kind of income they will have — or that their children will have — in 30 or 40 years,” he says. @ Just as too much inflation can disrupt economic growth, so can too little. The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer. ( But that has not been Israel's primary concern. Maybe he was actually doing them a favor. So why did Republicans become so invested in the Keystone XL? Read CNNOpinion's new Flipboard magazine.", '2015-02-26': 'The Power of a Costly Myth : The myth of fluid upward mobility blinds us to how stacked our system has become against the aspirations of the less well-off, thereby enabling an elite to capture every larger shares of income, wealth, privilege, and control over government while those below receive relatively smaller shares, face fewer opportunities, and command increasingly less control. Now at a whopping 86% - CNN : Vladimir Putin\'s approval rating? That figure is made up," he told CNN last month. So what that opinion poll is, is not a poll of approval but it\'s a poll of fear. The numbers may changeNationalism\'s OK, but families have mouths to feed. This report incorporates information previously published in a piece by CNN\'s Jeremy Diamond in December. CNN\'s Richard Allen Greene in London and Alla Eshchenko in Moscow contributed to this report. I am discussing a significant problem that faces America." But the context of that 1995 quote is important. We worry they\'ll be unable to succeed at face-to-face communication and connection. That belief is based on three simple propositions. This is a tawdry end to a distinguished political career. One effect of this attack was to redirect traffic from the Lenovo website. We are also actively investigating other aspects.', '2015-02-27': 'Shinzo Abe has signalled he wants his forthcoming statement marking the 70th anniversary of the second world war to look to the future, in a move that threatens to reignite regional tensions among neighbours who say Japan has failed to atone for its militaristic past. @ The metal traded briefly above $5,900 yesterday before paring gains. With the possible exception of Fidel Castro’s Cuba, there are few nations that so closely reflect one man’s legacy as Singapore. But how will Singapore fare when its founding father is gone? @ In some ways, it is too early — not to mention somewhat bad manners — to ask. Close the coffin, then decide”, is how he put it. It hopes to sell up to 500,000 cars this year. Work Smarter, Not Harder by Breaking Your Counterproductive Bad Habits : While ignoring your bad habits may help you feel good initially, that avoidance will eventually catch up to you. Today the PBoC weakened the fix by 0.16 per cent. And they could do the turnaround without compromising their core values.', '2015-02-28': 'Former Obama Campaign Aide Now Works to Oust Netanyahu : Jeremy Bird, a former Obama campaign organizer, has drawn fire from Republicans for his consulting work on an effort to unseat Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Why a Cutback in Oil Production Is Sorely Needed : How deep is the hole the oil industry is currently stuck inside? Too often we indulge in defeatism and self-denigration. These will drive higher growth, greater employment and improved competitiveness. The Britain of 2015 feels a fractious and fractured place. Gross domestic product in the period rose at a 2.2 per cent annual rate — shy of the 2.6 per cent previously reported and well below the 5 per cent clip reported for the third quarter. @ The high court, led by Ruth Bader Ginsburg, instead tossed Yates\' conviction overboard. At issue was what, under this particular law, should be considered "a tangible object." JUST WATCHEDHow selecting a jury really worksReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHHow selecting a jury really works 02:10So what\'s the connection to Tsarnaev? Could their convictions be tossed overboard? His lawyer, Nicholas Wooldridge, did not return CNN\'s phone calls or email. But ight bro Salam aleikumK: whats wrong with you? The backpack contained hollowed-out fireworks casings and a thumb drive. As they await sentencing, their court dates keep getting pushed back.', '2015-03-01': 'Have the Republicans Gone Overboard Already? : Well, the Republicans are, if anything, even more conservative now. They\'ve also won back both the House and the Senate. After six years of the "game-changing" Barack Obama presidency, the game has changed, all right.: SHANGHAI -- With its growth engine slowing, China said on Saturday that it was reducing the nation\'s benchmark interest rates for the second time in three months. China already has the world\'s second-largest economy after the United States. And during much of last year, it was expanding about 7.5 percent. Against this backdrop, it would seem clear that monetary policy in China should be eased more aggressively." Through much of last year, the government seemed to resist calls for economic stimulus packages and monetary easing out of fear that the policies might lead to a repeat of the events of 2009, when a vast government stimulus effort pumped up growth but also led to soaring debt for corporations and local governments. Subscription Business Models Are Startup Favorites : Every new business quickly realizes that revenue coming in every period on a committed basis is the Holy Grail to survival and growth. Once Again: Can A Mission-Driven Nonprofit Be Blindsided? : Strange to say, a nonprofit organization and Board can become too dedicated to its mission! Such overzealousness can cause them to overlook opportunities for strategic change.', '2015-03-02': 'The Neo-Cons Have Found Their Voice : The Neo-con argument is simply one more display of the abject naiveté of their logic once again ginning up fear in the public and attempting to define the president as craven and feckless. Investment Crowdfunding Draws a Crowd : It\'s getting crowded in the investment crowdfunding space, and that\'s excellent news. Is it inevitable that TV stations suffer the same fate as their print counterparts? Humanitarian tragedyRead MoreThe fighting has inflicted extreme humanitarian hardship on civilians. Many people stay because they fear for their lives if they try to move. He is the author of the new book "The Fierce Urgency of Now: Lyndon Johnson, Congress and the Battle for the Great Society." The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( McConnell proposed that there would be a separate vote on the immigration issue. Read MoreThe strategy has been pretty straightforward. This was all that anyone in Washington was talking about. JUST WATCHED\'Detached from reality\': Border residents on DHS funding fightReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCH\'Detached from reality\': Border residents on DHS funding fight 01:57Now the GOP has done it again. Just ask Mitch McConnell, who can barely contain his grin. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. Yet Netanyahu\'s move is counterproductive. He has never hid his preference for the Republican Party. This time, Netanyahu may have gone too far. The reading for February was 50.7, ahead of a preliminary estimate of 50.1 and up from 49.7 in January.', '2015-03-03': 'Artificial Intelligence Technology Is \'Breaking Out of the Box\' : "The exponential improvement in the elements of computing is not about to run out of gas. 8 Best Chain Hotels You\'ve (Probably) Never Heard of -- But Will Love : Chain hotels often get a bad rap. President Obama dismissed the speech as “theater. ” I wrote an article about it yesterday but in the end it was rejected. Considering how important this question is to entrepreneurs, investors, and even society as whole, I can find little widely available research into it. Easily the single biggest cause was a lack of sales. After all, without revenue, every company is bust. It saves costs for employers and ultimately shareholders. @ Software does not take into account the shifting nature of human lives. Quality of life is about more than the size of your pay cheque. This glosses over a critical driver of unpreparedness: Wall Street is bleeding savers dry. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( Now, after two months, that illusion has been shattered. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine.', '2015-03-04': 'Britain: Man Linked to Militants in Yemen Is Extradited to the U.S. : A Vietnamese man accused of helping develop online propaganda for Al Qaeda’s affiliate in Yemen has been extradited from Britain to face trial in Manhattan, United States prosecutors said Tuesday. When the deal closes, the combined company is expected to have 1,967 branches across 43 states. Both are still in the drafting process, but could begin to take effect this month. Franklin Roosevelt sent in heavy bombers. To hear enthusiasts describe them, economic sanctions are trusty swords. There will come a time when we need liquidity in this country and we won’t have a British broker-dealer so we will have to rely on JPMorgan and that is a problem,” said Chirantan Barua, banking analyst at Bernstein. It raised rates from 14 per cent just a month ago. @ “ Given the situation that the threat of inflation has risen strongly\u2009. The task before China requires some delicate manoeuvres. @ Any level above 50 reflects growth in the survey by HSBC and compiled by Markit. @ Millions more would face dramatic premium increases; RAND estimates that premiums would jump by 47 percent. How to Forge Winning Client Relationships : And be willing to play nice with others. How the Internet Was Saved... and Why the Battle Continues : The battle continues.', '2015-03-05': "How Energy Industry Benefited From Keystone XL Veto : With the announcement that Obama vetoed the Keystone Pipeline XL, there was a great deal of moaning in the energy industry. Audit the Fed: What Would Milton Friedman Say? : It's no surprise, then, that there has been bipartisan support for similar proposals in the past. To get there, we need to tackle three issues. Why Employees Should Use Collaboration Tools at Work : Why should employees use collaboration tools at work? Our ancestors lived in eras we call the Stone Age, the Bronze Age and the Iron Age. Can we manage its impact on our environment? First, global economic output is forecast to rise by 115 per cent by 2035. In the short run, the market is a beauty contest. Japanese consumer electronics companies have fared poorly in general. Fighters themselves may be feeling a squeeze too. @ “ Bubbles] may exist but they are not especially serious. ” The previous target rate was 7.5 per cent. @ Lagging behind leaves one vulnerable to attacks. This latest fundraising is further evidence of Silicon Valley investors seeking out Britain’s nascent tech start-ups, and looking to cash in by funding theirA Leadership Void Widens for Opposition Groups : The killing of Boris Y. Nemtsov leaves Russia’s critics at a crossroads over whether and how they take a role in the nation’s political life.", '2015-03-06': "The price of iron ore, a key steelmaking ingredient, dropped below $60 a tonne for the first time since 2009 as China vowed to cut overcapacity in the steel industry and close mills that violate pollution standards. @ That, he promised, would “integrate the mobile internet, cloud computing, big data and the internet of things with modern manufacturing, to encourage the healthy development of ecommerce, industrial networks, and internet banking, and to guide internet based companies to increase their presence in the international market”. But that doesn't change the facts at hand. High returns and low barriers to entry suck in lots of players, profits fall, no one exits, companies bleed to death. Of course, sometimes one or two participants gain a competitive advantage (for instance technology, or financial backing) to ensure survival. Even before that it was up two-fifths since Monday. Instead many consider the United States a laggard in high speed, affordable broadband. Omens of the Fed’s Struggle With Prices : Falling prices and economic stagnation — what Japan has endured — are still seen as unlikely in the U.S., but market signals suggest cause for concern. But to them, the fact that the world may have moved on is worse.", '2015-03-07': 'A Third Blast on Oil Trains Stirs Scrutiny : A string of fiery accidents prompts some to question whether safety upgrades are good enough or coming soon enough as rail transportation of oil keeps growing. Sordid, shameful, embarrassing, demeaning, and damaging -- all in all, a pretty ugly week. The economy is adding jobs at a rapid pace, the Labor Department reported on Friday, but there\'s still one major holdout to the recovery: wages. The Fed will say the pieces are coming together." Gains were also made in professional services and the trade and transport sectors. Among women, some are doing better than others. And tighter labor markets mean higher wages." If she tried to work a second job, she said, she might miss a shift at Walmart and jeopardize her job there. February\'s Job Gains Exceeded Economists\' Expectations. ( Some Fed watchers aren\'t so sure that adds up. " The interest rate decisions they make now have their greatest effect many months down the road. Excessive inflation will surely result if you don\'t. But so much has changed in the last decade.', '2015-03-08': 'A Plan to Empower More Than One Million Women : There is a story that persists around the developing world, to the detriment of families and entire economies: Women are being sidelined from economic progress because of limited access to financial services.3 Habits Killing Your Productivity : In our attempt to be better at our jobs, to be more accessible and more open to new opportunities which could be your next big break, you may actually be engaging in habits that are hindering you. The 50th Anniversary of U.S. Marines Landing in Vietnam : These days, it has become far more difficult to teach the history of America\'s war in Vietnam because one of the chief lessons of that war we thought we had learned ("No More Vietnams") has been soundly disproven in recent years. Why Law Firms Fail : Smart people overestimate the importance of being a smart person. To be the best lawyer, or the best collection of lawyers, is not enough; it doesn\'t even guarantee you stay in the game. The Failure of Nationalist Politics in Romania : The European financial crisis certainly prepared the ground for the growth of nationalist parties throughout the continent.', '2015-03-09': 'Boris Nemtsov -- Another Russian Is Dead : The killing of Nemtsov successfully eliminates the most worrisome gnats buzzing Putin in recent years. The Conundrum of Corporation and Nation : Either we lessen the dominance of big American corporations over American politics. There is enormous internal impetus and room for expansion. ” I don’t think 15 per cent export growth can be sustained. But on balance, it looks like a fairly decent performance,” said Tom Orlik, chief Asia economist for Bloomberg Intelligence. Much of continental Europe is in poor shape. Among those who do participate, fewer are prospering. Irony is not Benjamin Netanyahu’s strong suit. What should worry Israelis is that beyond Capitol Hill no one else is listening. The bellicose intransigence that Mr Netanyahu has made his trademark lost him the backing of Europeans long ago. Mr Netanyahu has stripped himself of credibility. The last figure partly reflects the rising number of retirements among the aging white population.) But 2014 was a bonanza compared with recent years. That news spreads like you would not believe." But even this is not necessarily a bad thing for American workers, at least not in the long run. Photograph A Building Site Last Month in Dallas. Construction Is Concentrated in Texas and Three More States. (', '2015-03-10': 'For a while – four years in fact – it looked as though Hillary Clinton had put the past behind her. As America’s top diplomat, she enjoyed by far the highest ratings of any US figure. Americans most admire politicians who seem to be above politics. Then she quit as secretary of state (to prepare for her second White House bid). Even President Obama uses official email. Meanwhile prosecutors launched investigations into 54 senior political figures over a scandal at oil company Petrobras. Now, the speed and ubiquity of digital communications both makes reputation more fragile — they can make a chief executive history with a tweet — and allows corporations and their leaders to develop their own channels, direct to consumers, without the intermediation of pesky reporters. @ However, deflationary forces remain evident in the producer sector. This is the biggest year-on-year fall since October 2009. But who knows if it is really a necessary purchase. Has Instant Messaging Become More Annoying Than Email? We inevitably change, getting less or more resilient. For a while – four years in fact – it looked as though Hillary Clinton had put the past behind her.', '2015-03-11': 'China has tripled the quota for bond sales by local governments to Rmb1.5tn ($240bn) in a bid to shunt some of their hefty debts back on balance sheets at lower rates of interest. In Brazil, a corruption scandal may derail the economy. The whole thesis that emerging markets are emerging is being questioned right now." Mr. Tenengauzer points to Brazil as the main culprit. Chinese short-term debt has exploded to $850 billion from $101 billion since 2008; in Brazil, the increase was to $112 billion from $47 billion, and Turkey\'s near-term liabilities jumped to $95 billion from $56 billion. When their currencies were strong and the dollar weak, such a strategy made sense. Photograph A Currency Exchange in Moscow. The Russian Ruble has Plunged 65 Percent Against the Dollar, and Remains Volatile. ( Capital spending budgets are being cut back, drilling rigs idled and staff laid off. So forecasts the Institute for Fiscal Studies. Does this mean the UK’s “standard of living”[PRIMARILY A UK DEBATE? No: it is very much alive, not just with respect to the past but also with respect to the future. @ The striking feature of the IFS analysis is the weakness of recovery. They show household incomes after tax and benefits. But James Proud, founder and chief executive of San Francisco-based start-up Hello, felt uneasy. @ That didn’t sit right with me for the whole 18 months we worked on it.” That immediately helped to bolster market sentiment and', '2015-03-12': "The most significant economic story of the past three and a half decades has been the rise of China. The second most significant story has been the rise of India. A big question is how fast the latter can grow. But this requires significant improvements in policy and its implementation. Hundreds of millions of Indians have experienced identifiable improvements in their living standards. @ the school’s interim placement report notes. That is what the voice message on Jon Briggs’s phone sounds like. It is not the delivery, which is perfectly human. Friends often complain they cannot get rid of him. But you have to hit the propagandists of war, the ones who finance the war, the real party of war.” @ Countries are not companies (unless they are Apple, considerably bigger on some measures than many sovereign states). But stripped to the basics, they have some similar characteristics. So if China and India were companies, what sort might they be? @ China Corp, once a racy growth stock, attracted dollars eager to take part in its anticipated rise. Broadly, this panned out as expected — and, arguably, better. In recent years, GDP growth targets have been falling  profit warnings have turned negative. And even that lower target may be missed. It's hard to believe the already dire humanitarian crisis could get even worse. Will the 47 Diplomacy Saboteurs Have Democratic Enablers? : But mobile payment has not caught on to the same degree.", '2015-03-13': "Progress Is Slow at V.A. Hospitals in Wake of Crisis : Delays in receiving care are still common, underscoring the reality that overhauling a federal department with almost 300,000 employees is a difficult and tedious process. Given my personality, I never thought being a waitress at a retirement community restaurant would pose such a difficult challenge. But other voices on the mainland were less than thrilled. @ To sceptics it must certainly look that way. That may not sound too bad for a mature economy that has not exactly dazzled in recent years. However, it comes after two quarters of sharp contraction. Haruhiko Kuroda, the central bank governor, promised to hit 2 per cent inflation within “about two years” of April 2013. Core inflation, which includes energy, is running at just 0.2 per cent. Unless oil prices stage a sudden rally, Japan could soon find itself back in deflation. Abenomics without inflation is like Hamlet without the ghost. @ Instead, they snapped their wallets shut. The GOP domestic-policy vacuum is evidence of a deeper problem: Republicans don't have a plan to move America forward. Say goodbye to the animal print, mink and gold lamé.", '2015-03-14': 'You Try Living on the Minimum Wage : Gov. Andrew Cuomo has acknowledged that a person can’t survive on $8.75 an hour in New York City. But he has watered down his proposed solution. Chinese General Warns Myanmar : A Chinese military commander warned of a strong response unless Myanmar prevented warfare with ethnic rebel groups from spilling into Chinese territory, deepening the tensions between the two countries. How Many Mutual Funds Routinely Rout the Market? Zero : An ongoing S.&P. Dow Jones study finds a shrinking number of actively managed mutual funds that have managed to outperform the market in recent years. More Democrats Are Going Their Own Way, and That’s Away From Obama : President Obama is finding that his biggest difficulties in pushing his agenda in Congress lately are not with Republicans but with members of his own party.6 Ways to Improve Your Performance at Work : But once a human being is at the office, productivity does not automatically happen. There are numerous distractions, even obligations, that can keep a person from performing their job duties to the best of their ability. This, in turn, can prevent salary raises and promotions. You Try Living on the Minimum Wage : Gov. Andrew Cuomo has acknowledged that a person can’t survive on $8.75 an hour in New York City.', '2015-03-15': "Sunday Roundup : This week kicked off with two high profile releases, one more successful than the other. On Monday, 47 Republican senators released an open letter to Iran. That same day Apple rolled out the Apple Watch. Fans are already lining up, but do we really need to be even more distracted by endless notifications? Three weeks ago, most of the USW's more than 700 combined members joined the walkout. Actions matters more than words, and while Portman wishes to come across as measured, his decision to be among the 47 Republican senators who sent a letter to the leaders of Iran undermining the current diplomatic process was irresponsible at best and dangerous at worst. Four Years of the Syria Crisis and a Tougher Year Ahead : The Syrian conflict, which this month enters its fifth year, shows no sign of easing. Rather than solve the problem, it must simply be endured -- and not just by Clinton herself. Why Hillary Clinton Will Be the Next President : Clinton has a built-in advantage -- her gender. Sunday Roundup : This week kicked off with two high profile releases, one more successful than the other.", '2015-03-16': "Lead-Footed Electronic Privacy Law Races After Mercury-Footed Technology : Lead-footed law is chronically racing after mercury-footed, globalized technology -- especially in the field of electronic privacy and law enforcement. It may have heralded the end of the American century and the arrival of the Asian century. Unfortunately, Israel has recently been headed in the wrong direction. Good friends must continually invest in their friendship. Will Gaza Gas Serve as Israel's Trojan Horse? : The development of Gaza Marine would undoubtedly be a positive step. More fantasizing will not get it out of that hole. Some Israelis of high rank recognize that; too many of their American sympathizers do not. Two more bank officials were arrested Sunday. Grinda's remarks were reported in a diplomatic cable later published by WikiLeaks. Helena Cavendish de Moura contributed to this reportNew Demands Endanger a Giant Cement Merger : They planned to combine on equal terms to form the world’s largest cement and construction materials company, but diverging results and currency concerns put the agreement at risk. At first this seems sensible enough in reality there is a fundamental inconsistency between the objectives. @ [ I THINK THAT THIS PAR NEEDS A BIT OF SIMPLIFICATION. The past few years have seen an exponential increase in the number of Moocs(massive open online courses). Of these, about 120 are business Moocs. @ Some 50 per cent of those who register never watch the first video. The California technology giant was forced to issue an apology in", '2015-03-17': 'As Sex-Trafficking Bill Stalls in Senate, So Does Attorney General Vote : A measure to create a victims fund hit an impasse over an abortion provision, and Republicans said they would not vote on President Obama’s attorney general nominee until it was resolved. How Do You Solve a Problem Like Ben Carson? : The two incidents highlighted two very sensitive points in US-UK relations. Rivalry between Washington and Beijing for global economic influence is intensifying. State Senate Works to Block Christie From Settling Pollution Lawsuit Against Exxon : Lawmakers passed a resolution urging a judge to reject a proposed $225 million settlement. They believe the state could reap as much as $8.9 billion in damages. China and 20 other Asian countries agreed in October to establish the AIIB. Everyone has the right to a death that is dignified and soothed," the proposed law says. This comes as a result of the pressure exercised on the population by the atrocities ISIL exhibited. One Hack That Turns a Loyal Customer Into a Lifelong Loyal Customer : Loyal customers are great.', '2015-03-18': "Is This a Blip or a Tip in Humanity's Onslaught on the Climate? : The Foibles and Fumbles of 'Fashion Police' : The increasingly sad story of E! 's deteriorating franchise Fashion Police has become a case study in what not to do when producing a television program. It is that, in an ideologically driven opinion, Judge Hanen simply gets the law wrong. By waving an anti-democratic flag in front of people frightened of their fellow (Arab-Israeli) citizens. He must now negotiate with the Republican-led Senate. Thirty years ago it took eight hours to drive the 150km from Beijing to Tianjin, China’s fourth city. Today, by bullet train, the journey is barely 30 minutes. @ When infrastructure investment is made in developing economies, the gains are dramatic and obvious. Nigel Wilson, L&G’s CEO, who has led a shift in investment allocation towards such assets, has been a vocal campaigner. I am acutely aware of this distinction at present. In doing so, organisations reveal their biases. It was once used by nearly 1bn people, making it one of the world’s best-known technology brands. In January, they had deflated at a pace of 5.1 per cent. @ Prices have cooled in recent months as the economy slows.", '2015-03-19': '15 Years of FTC Failure to Factor Privacy Into Merger Reviews : In many cases, companies that previously built their businesses on promises not to collect or share personal data then were absorbed by companies without such commitments, betraying the trust users had placed in the original companies. Read More2014 California drought was bad. About 93 percent of California remains in at least a severe drought, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor. If you had told people a decade ago that this would be today’s reality, most would have concluded that you were mad. Today, the most important bilateral relationship is that between the US and China. Today, a different destiny awaits as the two nations are poised to enter a period of growth and prosperity. The trio have strong economic ties but frosty relations. But meaningful wage gains are still lacking. Now the question is just how patient or impatient American economic conditions will allow her to be. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2015-03-20': 'Republican Budgets in Both House and the Senate Add to Military Spending : In a battle of Congressional defense hawks versus deficit hawks on Thursday, the Pentagon won out in a victory that presages a broader revolt against tight spending limits. Winteru2019s Beach Bums : The mammals, which are about a human’s size and weight and were once an abundant species in New York harbor but became a rare sight for much of the 20th century, appear to have rebounded. Business sentiment in China is suffering, buffeted by deflationary pressures and rising labour and regulation costs. @ However, this marks the lowest level since October. @ The survey from MNI, a part of Deutsche Börse Group, is taken from 200 companies listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges. Microsoft analysts have been busy cutting revenue targets. @ It is currently roughly $35, Stifel estimates, but is heading that way. Chinese users with pirated versions of Windows 7 or Windows 8 will get free Windows 10 upgrades this summer, Microsoft announced this week. Five years later, Renault unveiled its $6,000 no-frills Logan. Their new book argues persuasively that companies in mature markets have no choice but to adopt a similar approach. However, the crops will still take months to grow and many families will need food assistance in the interim.', '2015-03-21': 'Republican Budgets in Both House and the Senate Add to Military Spending : In a battle of Congressional defense hawks versus deficit hawks on Thursday, the Pentagon won out in a victory that presages a broader revolt against tight spending limits. Winteru2019s Beach Bums : The mammals, which are about a human’s size and weight and were once an abundant species in New York harbor but became a rare sight for much of the 20th century, appear to have rebounded. Business sentiment in China is suffering, buffeted by deflationary pressures and rising labour and regulation costs. @ However, this marks the lowest level since October. @ The survey from MNI, a part of Deutsche Börse Group, is taken from 200 companies listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges. Microsoft analysts have been busy cutting revenue targets. @ It is currently roughly $35, Stifel estimates, but is heading that way. Chinese users with pirated versions of Windows 7 or Windows 8 will get free Windows 10 upgrades this summer, Microsoft announced this week. Five years later, Renault unveiled its $6,000 no-frills Logan. Their new book argues persuasively that companies in mature markets have no choice but to adopt a similar approach. However, the crops will still take months to grow and many families will need food assistance in the interim.', '2015-03-22': "Israel's President Should Think Twice Before Asking Netanyahu to Form a Government : Just when Israel's existence and influence on the world stage is most important for Jews around the world, it cannot afford to risk that for the self-aggrandizement of Benjamin Netanyahu. The way he won his election has weakened Israel, destroyed its credibility and made it far less secure. How to Communicate the Outcome of Your Assignment to Your Boss : When presenting the outcome of your assignment, it is important to choose the right elements of the way you handled the assignment. The Most Important Women's Issue You've Never Heard of : Carrying water is not only hard work; it is dangerous work as well. A woman walking miles through the rural African bush alone isn't safe. So, women are exposed to violence and shame, which limits their possibilities for education, marriage, better health and other prospects. Experiments across the country are trying to better manage these cases. Republican Hopes Early Campaign Entry Will Focus Voters’ Attention : By becoming the first candidate to officially enter the presidential race, the Texas senator hopes to reclaim the attention of those in the G.O.P.’s right wing. He has even proposed to cut the University of Wisconsin budget. This is despite the fact that billions of us take these services for granted.", '2015-03-23': 'Here\'s How the Internet of Things Will Impact How We Work : Internet of Things, big data, social media, analytics, the cloud and mobile, combined with the millennial workforce, is powerful, indeed. Job opportunities are plentiful for those who can help bring it all together. This vicious circle can be reversed, as it has been reversed at moments in the American past. As that noted political consultant Joe Hill put it, as they were taking him to the gallows, "Don\'t mourn, organize. " Western corporations with joint venture relationships in China need to keep a close watch on what happens next. If it happens, then Danish warships will be targets for Russia’s nuclear weapons. Medical researchers hope to use the same simple interactions to study diseases from Parkinson’s to asthma. @ Four out of five fund managers said bonds were overvalued in a survey of 300 global managers by CFA UK. However, I would not over-dramatize this. We certainly are not contributing to that. Moscow has repeatedly denied its military is involved. " There is magic when you meet face-to-face,” he says. “ However, Mr Sales-Cavalcante was eager to experiment. He rates the course highly and more staff will follow.', '2015-03-24': ": \xa0 A late turn pulled the stock market to a loss on Monday, as major indexes wavered after a strong run last week. Major indexes started higher in morning trading, settled into an afternoon lull, then dipped in the last 10 minutes of trading. Tenet's stock gained $2.45, or nearly 5 percent, to $52.07. In commodity trading, prices for precious and industrial metals increased. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( It can also break a campaign and lead to ruin if used incorrectly. Cherry Blossom Tourism Makes Japan's Economy Bloom : In Japan this spring, the color of money is pink. Among the 98 people killed in the crash is Polish President Lech Kaczynski. Mystery shrouded the final moments of the Boeing 737. The blown tire scatters debris into the left wing and ruptures the fuel tank. An investigation concluded that a cargo door had blown off. Apple has landed its first $1tn valuation call from Wall Street. @ Japanese activity has been more significant. In a veiled reference to Chinese policy-backed loans worth several billion dollars, Mr Sirisena blamed “foreigners” during his election campaign for stealing his country. @ “ This robbery is taking place before everybody and in broad daylight\u2009. The preliminary reading for March was 49.2, against of a reading of 50.7 in February and versus expectations of 50.5. Any score less than 50 indicates contraction. @", '2015-03-25': 'Six Elements for Success: Smart Investments Result in Good Starts for Families : Many of us can relate to the notion of "getting off to a good start." Easy money\' has been made with Apple: Analyst : What\'s Apple really worth? Morningstar senior analyst Brian Colello disagrees. " The easy money\'s been made at this point. We think that will be relatively limited. " Internet search is a lucrative business — just ask Google. But that agreement with Microsoft has had its drawbacks. Disappointing sales have led Yahoo to consider ending the deal. The window for renegotiation expires this week. Otherwise the agreement will stay in force for another five years. Last year global online film distribution generated $10bn in sales. It does have production or distribution agreements with several mainland TV stations. With So Many Ethics Laws, Why So Many Ethics Flaws? : When this happened to me, 17 years ago, there was no name for it. " The political relationship will likely recover over time. The stock market has drifted lower for two straight days. The Dow slipped 104.90 points, or 0.6 percent, to 18,011.14. You can lose more money in a day in stocks than you can in a bad year on bonds."', '2015-03-26': "A Financial Times investigation over the past few weeks has shone a light on Hanergy, a Beijing-based solar business. They now value the listed company, which distributes solar panel making machinery, at some $35bn, and have propelled the group’s founder, Li Hejun, to the summit of Forbes’s Chinese rich list. In China, it is worth more than all other Chinese solar companies combined. But the FT has uncovered unconventional practices that raise questions about this extraordinary performance. In a fight between whales, South Koreans sometimes remark mournfully, the shrimp’s back is broken. @ Its ability to reach a quick deal with creditors remains “highly uncertain”, the rating agency said. @ Yet initial fears that contagion would spread through the credit market appear to have blown over. But this does not mean the decision is a bad one. On the contrary, it is sensible — although not without risk. @ The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is to have initial capital of $50bn, which may be doubled. However, we see three reasons for at least some optimism. Welcome to the visible hand of government. Russian Superhighway Would Link London And New York : Sarah Palin is about to be one happy traveler. It now falls to Europe's politicians to act resolutely to stop the union drifting apart.", '2015-03-27': 'Battling Boko Haram, Chad’s Strongman Pleases the West : President Idriss Déby of Chad has won favor with the West, which is only too happy to call on his forces in a region seething with Islamist terrorists. Applications below 300,000 are generally consistent with solid monthly job gains. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Jobless Claims: Weekly Number of People Who Have Filed for Unemployment Benefits for the First Time. ( Switzerland joined on March 13 and France, Germany and Italy signed up together on March 16. To the north, Hong Kong Nicaragua Development, a Chinese company, has embarked on construction of a$50bn route through Nicaragua to handle vessels larger than Panama can accommodate, which it hopes to inaugurate in 2019.It is not easy to come back from a scandal involving sick infants  nor should it be. Seven years on and it is recovering — after considerable effort. Growth in higher margin yoghurt and health drinks contributed to the beat. On Thursday, the stock rose 10 per cent. @ But the government in London felt vindicated by the later decision of six other European countries to follow suit. The Houthis responded by firing rockets across the northern border into Saudi territory. Where will the bank itself be headquartered? @ The discussion about quantitative easing is precisely this. The only thing that changed is that everybody was suddenly more confident — because everybody else was. It should stop displacing people involuntarily in its projects.', '2015-03-28': 'Ted Cruz is Trying and Failing to Weasel Out of His Obamacare Duplicity : Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) is now apparently undecided how he\'ll buy insurance, backing away from his Obamacare announcement earlier in the week. \' Sophisticated Evaluation of Serious Research\' at the New York Times? : Some editors at the New York Times seem to have either developed a severe case of institutional amnesia, or decided to confer the presumption of innocence upon cellphone radiation, as the newspaper did upon asbestos for an entire decade after the mineral had been shown to be the most important industrial carcinogen in the world. As we approach this years\' "Land Day," keep your eyes on this remarkable community. One proposal is to make serious cutbacks in the public employee pension system. " Many were forced to take jobs at lower pay, with fewer hours and less generous benefits -- or no job at all. The survey was conducted in October 2014 and included people 45 to 70 years old. Mr. Koenig, an economist, said that the study\'s results were "a mixed bag. About 57 percent had one period of unemployment. Full time work is considered 35 hours a week or more. I pretty much look my age, so I could see that they were thinking that \'I can hire someone and pay a lot less.\' " I\'m going to be taking care of the financial end and let them handle the baking."', '2015-03-29': 'Can We Bring a Glimmer of Hope to Syrians? : Every child born in Syria is touched by the conflict. The conflict will not stop tomorrow and we are planning ahead. There will be at least five more years of intense humanitarian activity required. Detroiters Need an Income-Based Approach to Water Bills : To save lives, and to begin to satisfy the city\'s dire water infrastructure needs, Detroit needs to expand the current assistance programs and enact the Water Affordability Plan (WAP) approved by the City Council in 2006.American People Should Hold War Lobby Accountable for Libya Debacle : Libya\'s collapse has been almost total. Alas, the consequences will linger for years if not decades. Although there are many benefits to being an entrepreneur, for some, the psychological toll isn\'t worth it. But Tsipras said Varoufakis was "one of the key members of the  government". Tsipras is due to visit Moscow on April 8 for talks with Russian  President Vladimir Putin but the Greek government has stressed it  is not seeking funding from the Kremlin. Can We Bring a Glimmer of Hope to Syrians? :', '2015-03-30': 'Chinese leaders focused on the consequences of slowing economic growthduring a meeting with world leaders this weekend as China’s central bank governor warned over fears of deflation. @ “ Some close to Mr. Schweich blame his death, at least in part, on a brutal campaign against him. The market has climbed in 13 of the past 14 sessions, including a 10-session streak — the first in more than two decades, according to Bloomberg. Despite the rally, the case can still be made that the Shanghai Composite is cheap. However, on other metrics valuations are getting out of hand. Eurozone quantitative easing was launched to save the single currency bloc. But it may end up making it easier to break the eurozone apart. @ Ren Jianxin, the chairman of state-owned ChemChina dubbed China’s “merger king”, has previously orchestrated half-a-dozen acquisitions in countries including France, Norway, Israel and Australia, but has yet to do a big deal in the US in part because of his inability to reliably obtain visas. @ “ Inevitably this has left a bad impression on our potential [US] business partners who may think I am not serious about opportunities there. ” It could teach us hands-on lessons in civility.', '2015-03-31': 'Why Pakistan Will Fight Saudi\'s Wars but Not Its Own : By getting involved in the Yemen conflict, Pakistan risks sectarian conflict at home in addition to being drawn into a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran in the Middle East. But Islamic State forces still hold parts of the city. On present trends, the answer is probably not. @ Do such initiatives subvert or complement the existing rules of global finance? Is it more sensible to join than to boycott? A century is generally the limit for a human organism but countries are social constructs. Rome did not collapse until more than three centuries after it reached its apogee of power in 117AD. A lack of clarity on tax, foreign exchange and central bank policy are deterring Baillie Gifford’s Richard Sneller from buying mainland Chinese equities, even though he views the market as a strong opportunity. @ Tarting up window displays is not just for shop keepers. The bad news for Kaisa just keeps tumbling in. @ Shares will be suspended until they are done. @ Several drug makers soared on merger news. " And there were signs that was already happening. Also helping the market were continuing expectations that any increase in the', '2015-04-01': 'As Talks Drag On, U.S. and Iran Find It Harder to Hear Each Other : Uniquely American and Iranian political sensitivities at the marathon nuclear negotiations have many wondering whether the two countries are ready to overcome decades of suspicion. Obama wants a deal over Iranian nuclear capabilities for it would be a major success of US foreign policy. Three Years and Counting : After the big win, I was entitled to a real investigation. Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday. The energy minister suggested a possible failure in transmission lines. There is fertile ground for rumor-mongering in Turkey. That is -- a cat that allegedly wandered into a power transformer. JUST WATCHEDReports: 2 killed in Turkish hostage situation ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHReports: 2 killed in Turkish hostage situation 02:44Istanbul\'s police chief had called for a press conference. The reactions to Tuesday\'s bewildering series of events revealed several truths about contemporary Turkey. In the meantime, Turkey feels increasingly vulnerable to demons of its own making.: We look forward to working alongside the I.R.M. team to create value." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. In many theatres, sanctions have taken the place of military strikes. There is rampant speculation coming through. China’s property stocks should have one of the better stories around. These included reducing mortgage downpayments and improving the tax environment', '2015-04-02': ': \xa0 A batch of discouraging economic news deepened investors\' concerns about corporate earnings, pulling major U.S. stock indexes down on Wednesday for the second day in a row. Many of the stocks that fell the most on Wednesday were also some of the biggest gainers during the first three months of the year. But Wednesday\'s slate clouded the economic picture. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Germanwings crash: Could autopilot have helped? - The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles. I think it is going to take a long time to operationally test this kind of technology before it is foolproof." More and more people will come to know the technology. The signals are clear – but contradictary. He could not have spoken without permission. @ Set against that, the European economy is in better shape than for some years. That same year, Britain could vote to leave the EU. Now they face the added humiliation of finding themselves bottom of the class at driving school. @ The government is pushing its currency overseas, too. The results showed just how large a risk they took.', '2015-04-03': "Malaysia’s prime minister Najib Razak has come under attack from one of his predecessors, Mahathir Mohamad, who has argued that the incumbent does not have what it takes to secure victory in the next general election. @ China's HSBC services PMI rose in March to 52.3. In mid-2012 the readings were comfortably hitting the mid-fifties, however, so even the positive result on Friday indicates softening demand in the world's second largest economyQualcomm is on a mission to minimise fallout after losing the largest antitrust case in China, a verdict that forced the US chipmaker to cut the royalties it charges and slapped it with a record $975m fine. @ Each of these companies is a Qualcomm client. @ If round one was a defeat for America, round two hangs in the balance. Solutions on key parameters of Iran #nuclear case reached. Consumer discretionary stocks were among the biggest risers. Major indexes briefly turned lower at midday before moving higher, a trend that held the rest of the day. That means the government and many businesses will be open. Good Friday is one of nine stock market holidays in the U.S. The others are New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday, Washington's Birthday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving and Christmas. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (", '2015-04-04': 'With Iran Deal in Hand, White House Makes Sales Pitch to Preserve It : The intensity of the campaign reflects the challenge President Obama faces in building support among lawmakers for an agreement that could be one of the most important American foreign policy achievements in decades. The good news is, we hope, that the average consumer is saving a tremendous amount of money in lower gasoline prices." The unemployment rate held steady at 5.5 percent. Rates for government bonds dipped slightly in limited holiday trading. But I\'ve always said that one month never makes a trend." Mr. Perez said that if someone told him last year, when the unemployment rate was 6.6 percent, that it would now be at 5.5 percent, "I would have said that\'s an April Fool\'s joke." More encouraging outlooks could be found in other quarters this week. Also, the number of Americans filing for unemployment last week fell to a 15-year low. AuthorAffiliation PATRICIA COHEN Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter: @Patcohennyt Photograph Joe Stich of Lamar Advertising Burning Steel Billboard Supports in Johnstown, Pa. (Photograph by John Rucosky/the Tribune-Democrat, Via Associated Press) (B1); Retrieving a Pallet at the Hardware Sales Inc. Warehouse in Ferndale, Wash. The Unemployment Rate Held Steady. ( G.O.P.’s Israel Support Deepens as Political Contributions Shift : Republicans are more fervently pro-Israel than ever, partly a result of ideology, but also a product of a surge in campaign spending on their behalf by a small group of wealthy donors.', '2015-04-05': 'Obama Calls the Iran Deal ‘Our Best Bet’ : In an interview, President Obama called last week’s preliminary agreement a “once in a lifetime opportunity” to curb the spread of nuclear weapons in a dangerous region while reassuring critics. In Chicago’s Reshaped Politics, Unions Are Divided Over Mayoral Race : Labor is vital to the chances of Jesus G. Garcia in Tuesday’s runoff. Sunday Roudup : This week, the framework of a deal on curbing Iran\'s nuclear capabilities was announced. It will make our country, our allies and our world safer," said Obama. But at least this time around we have a much clearer picture of what listening to cynical references to mushroom clouds can lead to. Nonprofit and Business Directors Must Be Vigilant -- Board Liability Costs Could Be $2.2 Million! : The State of Romanian Extremism : Relations between ethnic Hungarians and ethnic Romanians have improved to a degree. The agreement will significantly slow down Iran\'s ability to develop an atomic device and, in all likelihood, delay that eventuality for another 10 to 15 years. Now, working as Regional Brand Manager, Foods, South East Asia for Unilever Asia, he shares some of the most important and fulfilling moments of his career. to discover that gay issues have become just a big a political minefield as race.', '2015-04-06': "How We're Solving Youth 'Apathy' : While we recognize that this is a complex issue and it's going to take a lot of work to empower youth across the country to be active and participating in our government system, we believe that by giving young people the opportunity to create change on the local level, they will feel more invested in their community and that will translate to how they participate in the political process on every scale. Taking Control of the Transition : Although the employment situation for veterans has improved since I left the military, the most recent report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics tells me we still have work to do. Every man and woman who has honorably worn the uniform of this country has the ability to make our nation stronger. Three Ways to Re-Sequence Your Marketing and Business Development : Why do so many business fail, despite having the right stuff? Their marketing and business development strategies are out of order and out of sync with the organization's goals and objectives. RadioShack’s Blueprint for a Rebirth : Standard General, which will take over 1,700 of the 4,000 RadioShack stores, said that eliminating the retailer’s heavy cost structure and some old business practices left a core worth saving. City Discriminated in Paying Managers, Commission Says : The federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission is recommending that the city pay hundreds of millions of dollars in back wages and damages to minorities and women.", '2015-04-07': 'A Short-Lived Power Failure in Washington Causes a Brief Government Shutdown : The power failure was traced to a substation in suburban Charles County in Maryland, where a conductor fell on the ground and started a fire, the authorities said. Samsung Electronics’ earnings beat analyst forecasts in the first quarter, bolstering the South Korean company’s turnround hopes after a sharp fall in profits last year. @ The company will publish detailed results later this month. But he added: “Overall, I view these downside surprises as reflecting temporary factors to a significant degree. ” And it had achieved it all without having any natural resources. Unfortunately, we don\'t know how far it\'s going to go and how worse it\'s going to get. Russian-backed separatists had recently overran the area. The explosion during a peaceful protest left two dead and 15 wounded. This is our decision and this is our will to get what we want. As much time as I can spend, I am there in the Ukraine. Klitschko isn\'t sure when he\'ll finally hang up his gloves. " Watch Wladimir Klitschko\'s Human to Hero interview on CNN\'s World Sport program on Wednesday April 8 at 1130, 1245, 1445, 2130, 2245 and 2345 and Thursday April 9 at 0445 (All times GMT) and here online. This means we now have to fight for increased funding at a time when potentially monumental breakthroughs are in our grasp.', '2015-04-08': 'The Walter Scott Murder : The shooting death of an unarmed black man by a white police officer in North Charleston, S.C., underscores problems with poorly trained police officers and how they lie about why force was necessary. Can big businesses be built on the idea of giving away software free of charge? @ TNT Express shares jumped more than 30 per cent. @ That works out to an enterprise value of more than nine times earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation. The Chinese government can scarcely believe its own luck. That created the current crop of big oil companies such as BP, Chevron and ExxonMobil. Largely because of resistance from the right, the US stands alone in the world in failing to approve the International Monetary Fund governance reforms that Washington itself pushed for in 2009. This flies in the face of the original stated rationale for political independence in monetary policy." It\'s an inversion of what we might more typically see." Since the Great Recession, inflation has been unusually slow while jobs have been unusually scarce. What you have is a vehement objection to the dual mandate. So choose your strategy, and we monitor you." People like me are just going to be talking to other academics and central bankers and won\'t be talking to the public anymore." Photograph The Federal Reserve Building in Washington. Photograph by J. David Ake/Associated Press)', '2015-04-09': 'North Korea Fires Missiles Before U.S. Official’s Trip : At confirmed reports that Pyongyang had fired two short-range missiles off its coast, Ashton B. Carter said, “If it was a welcome message to me, I’m flattered.”: Most also agree that the economic impact of starting to raise rates in June is likely to be roughly the same as starting in July or September. But Ms. Yellen and other officials say they do not plan to wait. Photograph by Brendan Mcdermid/Reuters) (B6)Chinese officials love slogans. But what does new normal mean to the Chinese? @ I can see two big reasons why the answer should be “yes” and two why it might be “no”. Such sense, he insisted, had always been uncommon — but now was extinct. @ Worse still, try to comprehend Solvency II. Real estate was responsible for another 8 per cent. Yesterday, shares of Ali Pictures — a 60 per cent-owned subsidiary of Mr Ma’s Alibaba — rose one-third on news that it might receive two assets from its parent. No detail was given on payment or the assets’ accounts. The new company has glitzy connections. @ The economics, however, looked worrisome. The economic logic for these concerns is straightforward. Instead, we should encourage more participation in our democracy from younger people. BNSF Challenges Lawsuit From Engineer Who Ran For His Life From Exploding Oil "Bomb Train" : Burlington Northern Santa', '2015-04-10': 'In G.E. Sale, End to Age of Hubris : In the crisis of 2008, the weakness of GE Capital was a warning about the risks posed by large financial firms that were not banks. The stock is not cheap, priced at 35 times estimated 2016 earnings. Higher margin derivatives markets, for instance, remain undeveloped in China. The most closely-fought UK general election in a generation is prompting signs of uncertainty in financial markets, with investors clamouring for insurance against sharp swings in the value of the pound. @ A central bank official confirmed that the payment to the IMF had been made. All told, nearly  18,000 of those calls traded. GE is not a name we usually see short-term speculation in the options market." " Investors were also assessing some mixed news on company earnings. The S.&P. 500 rose 9.28 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,091.18. The European index is up almost 20 percent this year. Bond yields in Europe are at historically low levels. It should also draw tourists to the region. Its earnings outlook was also less than forecast. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (', '2015-04-11': 'China \'Going Out\' 2.0: Dawn of a New Era for Chinese Investment Abroad : \'Going Out\' 2.0 will create stronger and more competitive Chinese SOEs, expanding into sectors traditionally dominated by Western firms, and exerting influence in regions that will raise new geopolitical challenges. Top Characteristics of a Great Leader : I\'ve personally been very fortunate to work with some amazing, influential, brilliant people over the course of my career. De Blasio Tries Wooing, Not Riling, Business Leaders : The mayor, who railed against big business during his campaign, is making what corporate executives described as a delayed attempt to meet them on their home turf. Stocks advanced on Friday, capping a second straight weekly advance for the market. Earnings are not going to be down because the U.S. economy is struggling," said James Liu, global market strategist at JPMorgan Funds. " It\'s going to be because of what has happened in energy and the dollar." The United States stock market has not had two consecutive weeks of gains since mid-February. Most of the gains this week can be attributed to the Federal Reserve. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.95 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2015-04-12': 'Marco Rubio Is the Biggest Threat to Hillary Clinton in 2016 : It\'d be naïve for democrats to think that these demographic and geographic advantages won\'t boost the young, handsome and telegenic Senator into a pretty good position against their all-but-anointed nominee. Climate Change and the Courts: Court Rejects Latest Industry Ploy to Block Carbon Pollution Limits : Here\'s the important point: While EPA considers these questions, the Clean Air Act\'s "best available control technology" requirements remain fully in effect for carbon pollution, just as for any other dangerous pollutant. That\'s another important court victory for the fight against climate change, for EPA and the Clean Air Act, and -- most importantly -- for all of us. Add a Handyman : Bringing the efficiency of the web to common household tasks has opened a new door to the home services industry, which is estimated to be worth more than $800 billion. The Risks of Doing Business in Poland : Doing business entails certain risks. You make a big investment of money and time, and you hope that your gamble pays off. Maybe people will come to your restaurant. Maybe they will contract for your services. You\'ve taken out loans on the expectation that if you build it, they will come. They might have big numbers, but you\'ll have more fun, will learn more and grow faster in startups.', '2015-04-13': "Philippines Issues a Protest Over China’s Island-Building : A foreign affairs spokesman said that countries ringing the South China Sea could lose up to $100 million a year from the loss of fish breeding grounds. At stake is nothing less than the future of the global economic system embodied in the Bretton Woods institutions that took shape after 1945. Emerging countries, including China, are woefully under-represented in these bodies. The stock was trading nearly 1 percent higher on  Monday. Qualcomm's longtime customer Samsung Electronics opted this year to use an  internally developed processor for its new Galaxy S6 smartphone  rather than Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon mobile chip. The growth rate is expected to drop to 7 per cent in 2016 and 6.9 per cent the following year. @ “ Here are some of the top business stories to pay attention to in the coming week. The country's economy has been steadily cooling. Holders of Kaisa bonds think the return of the company chairman implies a better chance of receiving their principal back. @ There are few worse countries to be a woman than Saudi Arabia. Hillary Clinton’s White House bid took a long time to get off the ground. Mrs Clinton virtually ignored her gender in her 2008 campaign. Managers have harassed, threatened and fired them. Retire In Style To This Latin American Paradise For Just $1,200 A Month : For tourists, Nicaragua is an absolute bargain. Alas, any accord will face significant opposition. Liberty University again follows their lead.", '2015-04-14': 'From Cybersecurity to Trade Deal, Bills Are Expected to Start Moving : As the Republicans’ 100th day in control of Congress approached, Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, said the chamber’s productivity had become better than it had been in years. But Russia is an important neighbor for us, an important partner. " This is the direct result of the legitimacy that Iran is receiving from the nuclear deal being made with it. "" But Steinitz offered a different interpretation. But it faces stiff opposition from some quarters, including Israel and members of the U.S. Congress. Iran, meanwhile, welcomed Moscow\'s announcement. Gen. Hossein Dehqan said, according to Iran\'s Islamic Republic News Agency. CNN\'s Salma Abdelaziz, Elwyn Lopez, Alla Eschchenko, Emma Burrows, Greg Botelho, Oren Lirbermann and Jennifer Deaton contributed to this report. They have declined steadily ever since, to just 35 last year. @ It could then conduct an interplanetary mission, such as a flight to Mars. China bears are getting fat dining on headlines  but details feed the bulls. @ Sun Shuming could barely contain his joy. Environmentalists and others braced for an environmental collapse on a massive scale. CNN InvestigationsEmail your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com. " There\'s no question about that," Morrell said. " The spill\'s effects on other species are less clear. CNN\'s David Matthews contributed to this report.', '2015-04-15': "Taxation Without Representation : Today, millions of Americans will begrudgingly pay their taxes to a government that does not inspire confidence. With public trust in government at near historic lows, many Americans believe that their elected representatives don't care what the average citizen thinks. More than a dozen new city and statewide anti-corruption campaigns are on the way in 2015 and 2016. McDonald's smart move will be to compete on profits -- not by cutting prices, but by raising wages. If an Ice Cap Melts in the Arctic and the GOP Doesn't See It, Did It Really Melt? : But Pyongyang is highly unlikely to comply. But analysts remain unsure where oil pricing is headed. The plans would also harm Chinese companies trying @ to go global and innovate, the chamber said in a report published yesterday. The Chinese mobile gaming and messaging platform Tencent is enjoying the ride. On Monday it was briefly valued at more than $200bn, larger than HSBC. @ No surprise, then, that some people are taking profits. Because of antitrust concerns the transaction will probably involve two stages. The geopolitical case for TPP is straightforward.", '2015-04-16': "The Pope Calls It Genocide : John C. Hirsh of Georgetown University writes that “it is a great pity” that Turkey continues to object to “the verdict of history” regarding its mass killings of Armenians at the start of the last century. Mayor Bill de Blasio and his wife, Chirlane McCray, also released a return. It is, for example, the only system in China that monitors and tracks drugs (if they have been registered). @ Investors think this could come with a very serious dent on the markets. ” The news sent shares up more than 11 per cent in after-hours trading in New York. @ China pegs its currency to the dollar, which has recovered strongly this year. The case against a dollar peg is growing. This month looks to be the turn of foreign fund managers. Old cases were left to be fought over in the courts. In the words of one tax adviser: “The whole mile has not been walked. Find a pencil and a scrap of paper and draw the Apple logo. If the little resistance to their BS we've seen in the last few weeks is any indication of what's to come, it should make for an entertaining campaign season. Obama's composition is Nobel Peace Prize and the tune is a Shake Heard Around the World.", '2015-04-17': 'Learning Resilience From Hillary Clinton : She is a leader who won\'t back down. Why Don\'t We Have Family Leave Policies for High School Students? : Teen parents who are able to finish high school have significantly better outcomes for themselves and their children than those that drop out. Without it, Iraq will exist only in name. Even more unusually, this success has been achieved without any active promotion. @ The rabbit has become the default emoticon on WeChat, the messaging platform operated by Tencent, China’s social network and gaming powerhouse. He claimed that the worst of the crisis had passed and that there would be a full recovery within two years. The continent has long been a magnet for migrants from its southern and eastern borders. But these deals were conducted informally, and they were fairly rare. Most cases ended with a ruling by the courts. @ It also allowed the complainants to claim damages. It seems at first to be a puzzling scenario, and you might wonder whether it is possible at all: output can be at potential\u2009but still not be sustainable. But suppose growth of potential output then fell sharply. Networking is not only fun, but also essential for building your brand. Trading for as low as 80 to the dollar in December and volatile all winter, the ruble has risen to about 50; it was at 34 a year ago.) " On Thursday, he took virtually the opposite tack. "', '2015-04-18': "9 Ways 'Wasting Time' Can Boost Your Career : Reading blogs, watching videos on YouTube, or reading a book unrelated to your work are all things that really career-focused people sometimes see as wasting time. If the US Wants Arabs as Partners, We Must Treat Them As Such : If we play it right and if we listen carefully to what our Arab partners are saying to us, the Iran deal can open the door to constructive discussions with allied Arab leaders that will enhance the prospects of peace and stability across the region. My concerns are not with the deal itself, but with how it was done.: Signs of complacency were evident before stock markets around the world tumbled on Friday. At one point in the day, it was down as much as 357 points. The Nasdaq composite index fell 75.98, or 1.5 percent, to 4,931.81. Plenty of challenges remain for investors. But even if the country strikes a deal, it may be weeks before an agreement is forged. Photograph A Trader On the Floor of the New York Stock Exchange On Friday. How to Prevent Disputes in Business Relationships? :", '2015-04-19': 'Sunday Roundup : This week, Americans fulfilled part of our responsibility to our government by filing taxes. But the government isn\'t doing its part in return. Hold times, which were under three minutes in 2004, are now over 30 minutes. This isn\'t smaller government; it\'s broken government, which, for many budget-slashing legislators, is the point. In more news from dysfunctional D.C., Attorney General-Designate Loretta Lynch remains in limbo, her nomination held hostage by Senate Republicans for over five months. On Friday, a clearly frustrated President Obama demanded, "Call Loretta Lynch for a vote...This is embarrassing." Meanwhile, the bigger "news" was the breathless scoop of Hillary Clinton eating at Chipotle. She had, we were told, a chicken burrito bowl (with guacamole). Migrants Killed as Ship Capsizes Off Libyan Coast : A ship carrying as many as 700 people sank in the Mediterranean Sea north of Libya, adding to the rising death toll in what has become a migration crisis for Europe. In Effort to Stimulate Economy, China Frees Up $200 Billion for Lending : The country’s central bank sharply curtailed the amount of money that banks must keep on reserve, but that doesn’t mean the banks will be accommodating to borrowers.', '2015-04-20': 'Which States Could Benefit Most From Governor Cuomo\'s Student Debt Relief Plan? : Unlike global warming, green began to cool off. It became politicized, with more extreme views polarizing and blurring the issues. What I Wish I Knew When I Felt Stuck in a Toxic Workplace : True story: I was once part of a toxic team at work. I was constantly in fear of looking stupid. It was designed as a policing rather than a humanitarian mission. Read MoreContributors to Triton include Portugal, the Netherlands, Finland and Iceland. The task could not be "left only to the southern countries," she insisted. READ MORE: Migrant deaths at sea - what is Europe going to do?READ MORE: Why migrants are risking their lives to reach ItalyREAD MORE: \'I enter Europe or I die\' - desperate migrants rescuedREAD MORE: How do illegal immigrants get into Europe?The Voice of the Future : There have been long strides made in the past decade in the aforementioned areas, and there are more strides to be made by policymakers and the youth alike. Now it seems global fund managers might be next. @ Over recent weeks demands have begun arriving at about 100 international funds. Fund managers, needless to say, are not best pleased either. is about the limit of the RAF’s long-range strike capability”. Which States Could Benefit Most From Governor Cuomo\'s Student Debt Relief Plan? :', '2015-04-21': 'India, Seeking a Boost, Plans to Put Its ‘Idle Gold’ to Work : Prime Minister Narendra Modi would like to monetize the roughly 20,000 tons of gold thought to be in private hands, 2,500 tons of it in major Hindu temples. Congress Passes Bipartisan Bill to Improve Energy Efficiency : The bill is a modest one. I have visited some developing countries that have faster internet connections than Beijing,” he said with evident exasperation during a committee meeting of the country’s largely ceremonial legislature this month. @ A relative latecomer to nuclear power, its first reactor was connected to the grid in 1991. Beijing has successfully used its domestic energy market to entice international suppliers. The movement is an elaborate charade, which is too inconsistent and impractical to succeed. Guy Laliberté, who founded Cirque du Soleil and owned 90 per cent of the company, will also retain a share. It is likely to deepen unease in US business and foreign policy circles about diminishing US influence. We are working on other tranches, I will inform you when they arrive." @ A big chunk of that is repaid in oil shipments. Several rail and bus routes would also be reduced. The great white shark has to keep moving or it dies. The typical Chinese stock rally works in a similar way. If starved of fresh liquidity, it tends to choke.', '2015-04-22': 'Add "master chef" to the list of occupations that robots can perform more efficiently than humans. Would President Hillary Reverse Bill\'s Outsourcing Legacy? : It holds governments accountable to their long-term conservation commitments. We can do even better than that, but what matters most is that we get started now. \' Women Should NOT Become President of the United States of America? He is also the social action director for Dr. Bronner\'s Soaps. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. The good news is that the stereotype is getting shattered. JUST WATCHEDSelling marijuana as medicine: Is it ok?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHSelling marijuana as medicine: Is it ok? Since he took over the family business in 2000, it has grown from a $5 million a year business to one expected to top $100 million in sales this year. Possession of as little as 2 ounces can get one a jail term, fines and probation. Read CNNOpinion\'s new Flipboard magazine. IP theft has been a perennial grievance of international companies in China. Especially if the barrels from Iran have been delayed until later this year. ” Mr Sarao could not immediately be reached for comment. They closed the day 56 per cent higher at HK$23.70. @ Steve Jobs, Andy Grove and Bill Gates were not cast from the mould of the model business leader. Scope of intervention: China-centric or Asia-focused?', '2015-04-23': 'Sales and Profits Rise for Starbucks and Dunkin’ Brands : Starbucks said comparable sales were up by more than 5 percent for the 21st consecutive quarter. Dunkin’ Brands credited new products like the croissant doughnut. Chinese car marques have had a hard time at home. Economists expected the gauge to come in at 49.6. A reading above 50 indicates the manufacturing sector is expanding. @ Yet, for all its advances, Chinese industry remains a distant competitor — as the story of Xiaomi shows. Factories sprouted up to take advantage of labour that was plentiful and cheap, boosting exports and generating jobs. Now, wages are rising and growth is sputtering . Here is what we know about US equity markets. Second, they are — meant to be — extremely liquid. The indices also support an array of futures contracts for those needing exposure to the broader market. @ A large sale of futures contracts hit an air-pocket of missing bids. High frequency” traders withdrew their interest all at once. There are those who google and there are those who annoy those who google. The researchers themselves had a positive take on their findings. Can Smart Development and the Rule of Law Help Curb Crime? : Hillary is far better than any GOP candidate. Bed Rest Made Me a Better Entrepreneur: 5 Key Things : In retrospect, bed rest turned out to be not all bad.', '2015-04-24': 'A Stranglehold on the Internet Is Averted : The Justice Department confirmed that it had significant concerns that the merger “would make Comcast an unavoidable gatekeeper for Internet-based services that rely on a broadband connection to reach consumers. ” Now its chief executive is aiming for redemption. Law enforcement agencies have pressed New York schools for months to ease enrollment for immigrants. Deutsche Bank is the last heavyweight contender. It wants to become more like Goldman Sachs, not less. @ “ Europe needs at least one global investment bank champion. It gives US companies a modicum of comfort against better subsidised competitors. Never before has Congress balked at its reauthorisation. In a modern supermarket the problem is often an excess of choice, not a shortage. Retail and the associated property make up two-thirds of revenues outside of beer. Carrefour, in China for two decades, has also struggled. Still, last year the French food retailer had its first year-on-year drop (2 per cent) in Chinese revenues since at least 2008.Deutsche Bank has paid a record $2.5bn to authorities in the US and UK to settle allegations that it manipulated the Libor benchmark rate, a key interbank borrowing rate that underpins as much as $350tn of debt worldwide, from @ student loans to complex financial instruments. @ The causes may be different, but the challenge of reversing the unwelcome development is no less difficult. Having risen in the decade before the crisis to', '2015-04-25': "It's Not You, It's Me: Are Your Behaviors Holding You Back? : I recently made the leap from the relative comfort and security of the corporate world to running my own business. Oh, the expectations I had for my new life! Clinton Charities Review Tax Returns Amid Scrutiny of Foreign Grants : The review follows the discovery of errors involving the charities’ reporting of grants from foreign governments during Hillary Rodham Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Nasdaq closed at new nominal highs. Investors now prepare for the biggest week of earnings season. Investors have been looking for Google, Microsoft and Amazon to show some sort of progress outside their traditional businesses. Next week could be a make-or-break period for investors. It would be the first time corporate profits have declined since the third quarter of 2012, according to FactSet. In the energy markets, the price of U.S. crude oil fell 59 cents to close at $57.15 a barrel in New York. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( It's Not You, It's Me: Are Your Behaviors Holding You Back? :", '2015-04-26': 'Do Nonprofit Directors Face Cyber Security Risk? : If a nonprofit, like the one described, is attacked, not only will records be compromised, but also the reputation of the agency will be destroyed, probably along with the nonprofit organization itself. Why I Regretted Hiring the \'Perfect\' Employee : On paper, he looked like the ideal hire. Rationally, all signs suggested I should hire him. Do you think you\'re being overlooked simply because of your age? Are you tired of seeing the jobs go to younger, less experienced applicants? If so... read on!For Greater Europe We Must Embrace People-To-People Cooperation : The Greater Europe project, which many politicians, experts and opinion makers from many European countries have been trying to promote since mid-1980s, now looks like a fantasy completely detached from reality. Neither Russia nor Europe can afford a new "Cold War. " It isn\'t just about workers rights on the job, or immigrant rights, or civil rights, or even about raising the standard of living for all workers. It\'s about what kind of country we want to be. With all of America\'s exceptional qualities, there\'s also a sense feeling for some that America\'s time of preeminence is in danger of passing, perhaps to China. Because talented young actors, fresh out of drama school or college, will be unable to form their own companies with their colleagues. Do Nonprofit Directors Face Cyber Security Risk? :', '2015-04-27': "What is Poor Customer Support Costing Your Business? : While some companies view service as nothing more than an expense, the data show that providing great experiences is just as rewarding for customers as it is for your bottom line. This is an impressive statistic underscoring how companies should manage staff departures. The thousands of families who will mourn their loved ones. I wish he'd raised hell after the killing of Trayvon Martin. If that gain is held, it would make for the biggest one-day rise since August 2009.Profits for Chinese factories fell for the sixth straight month in March, although the rate of decline slowed somewhat from the sharp drop reported at the end of 2014. @ This show of goodwill is the right approach. Yet Washington should not back him under all circumstances. That is especially true when it comes to relations with China. India is our biggest market outside of mainland China and also an extremely important one. Every luxury company fears the “Danniella Westbrook effect”. The first whispers of worry about a Chinese property bubble surfaced in late 2009. What is Poor Customer Support Costing Your Business? :", '2015-04-28': 'The Battle Over the Trans-Pacific Partnership and Fast-Track Gets Hot : President Obama must be having trouble getting the votes for fast-track authority since the administration is now pulling out all the stops to push the deal. Obama insisted the deal is not secret, but googling "TPP" will not get you a copy of the text. RyanAir Is About To Get Even Cheaper... And Probably More Crowded, Too : Well this is just plane\xa0stunning. Bankers, brokers and asset managers were complaining about their jobs this week. However, international efforts to assist the stricken Himalayan nation were gathering momentum. Search-and-rescue teams from India, China, Pakistan, the US, Israel and the Netherlands are on the ground, with more from the UK, Finland and Japan expected shortly. The squads are carrying emergency relief supplies and using specially trained dogs to search for people trapped in the rubble. That includes a 11 per cent dividend increase and a further $50bn in share repurchases. Overall, we\'ve done nine \'uncarrier moves.\' An uncarrier move  is a move intended to change a stupid, broken arrogant industry,  and it\'s intended to be permanent, and we want everybody to  change [to] no contracts, anytime upgrades and international data  roaming," Legere told CNBC\'s "Squawk  Alley." " This freedom resonates with young folks." Click here to see where the stock is trading now. Issue for Fed: Is a 2% Inflation Rate High Enough? :', '2015-04-29': 'Lawmaker Ends Blockade of Budget Deal : Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, lifted his blockade of a House-Senate deal that would cut $5 trillion in spending over the next decade to balance the federal budget. Rental property is funding awesome retirement lifestyles as well. The True Value of Sea Turtles : Some people live wonder-free lives. When we share our work, we make the world better. More sea turtle lovers equal more ocean advocates -- a virtuous, positive feedback loop. But the figures are in line with those from other external sources. Yesterday’s news that state-owned China Railway Construction Corp has signed $5.5bn of contracts in Nigeria and Zimbabwe — following the signing of an even larger one in Nigeria late last year — shows how far this “new silk road” extends. @ The former is already working with China on rail plans. Sinopec issued a similar denial to the Hong Kong exchange. @ Declining homicide rates were its product. A generation believes it has been stigmatised and their complaints ignored. The problem largely stems from the way credit cards are viewed today. The investment funds will also raise money from investors, and collect fees in the process. Today, the entities are not leveraged, he added. They also take part of the returns each year. This so-called incentive fee is usually 20 percent. The Department of Agriculture Plans to Announce Two New Private Investment Funds On Wednesday. (', '2015-04-30': "Let's Take U.S. Nukes Off Hair-Trigger Alert Before We Blow Up the Planet : President Obama would make the world a much safer place if he took U.S. land-based nuclear missiles off hair-trigger alert. It is time for us, as Americans, to exercise our responsibility as citizens and take control of the debate. Fortunately, this is now clearly underway. The latest scandal involved not food quality but environmental regulations — another sensitive topic in China as public opposition is growing to air and water pollution. According to the Chinese zodiac, 2015 is the year of the sheep. Yet he was far more specific on the military details of how that would be accomplished. The market is responding normally,” he says. “ Observers of the US political scene complain about a dearth of leadership. The same is also true of the corporate world. Investment opportunities are apparently lacking. All that remains is to shrink the number of shares. During 2015 the trend has increased sharply. The reality is that this is an area where so many organizations fall short. Now it could pursue another deal or become a suitor itself.", '2015-05-01': 'How The Internet of Everything Is Helping \'Unbanked\' Citizens Around the World : Fortunately, with some low-income countries quickly adopting mobile phone use, financial services such as mobile payments and money transfers are becoming accessible for communities that would otherwise be precluded from banking privileges. If you have ever doubted that the mother of invention is necessity, then look no further than Pakistan. Pakistan has struggled to provide opportunities to its people for decades. But something bigger was in the air -- a sense that history wasn\'t just turning but had, in some basic sense, turned. Yet all three shattered that perception in their own way. The reaction when companies don\'t achieve great results can be fairly severe." Any continued rockiness in the stocks could cause repercussions. And we don\'t have confidence that it will from here either." Photograph The Facebook App Icon On an Iphone. Though Facebook\'s Sales Missed Expectations, Investors Focused On Its New Businesses. ( Patriot Act Faces Curbs Supported by Both Parties : The push for reform is the strongest demonstration of a shift from a focus on national security at the expense of civil liberties to a new balance in the post-Edward J. Snowden era.', '2015-05-02': 'Despite Student Sit-In, Swarthmore Board Declines to Drop Fossil Fuel Investments : The Pennsylvania college’s board said it was “fully committed to addressing the threat of climate change” through means other than divestment from its $1.9 billion endowment. Going Way Back With Cubans, Tampa Leads Push Forward  : The city sees itself as pivotal in efforts to rekindle diplomatic ties to Cuba, a move that runs counter to the anti-engagement orthodoxy of Miami and Florida’s government. Customer Loyalty Survey Makes a Few Surprising Connections : Basically, everyone still loves Apple, Amazon and Costco. The report also backs up the trend of people abandoning their cable television provider (many of which had ratings) in favor of online video service Netflix, which had the second highest raise in an NPS score after BlackBerry. A City&#8217;s Mood Shifts From Grim to Elated After Charges Are Announced  : Baltimore, gripped for days by anger over Freddie Gray’s death, was a scene of celebration over the prosecution of police officers, but some cautioned that charges do not guarantee a conviction. Walking a Fine Line in Promoting a Trade Deal : Even as President Obama sought support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership by acknowledging the downside of free-trade pacts, a report from his economic team cited their benefits.', '2015-05-03': "British Rivals Draw on Old Ideologies in Intense Election Campaign  : Mr. Cameron, the Conservative leader, and Mr. Miliband, Labour’s leader, have pulled their parties back to the past in a personal and often poisonous campaign. DAPA would provide opportunities for millions of skilled immigrants to work in fields where they can earn and contribute more. If DACA recipients have demonstrated in just three years what this program can do for communities like Raleigh, perhaps it's time to consider something more stable. Chinese Aspirations in Antarctica Fuel Concern  : As China spends more on the Antarctic, and the early occupiers, the United States and Australia, face stagnant budgets, a debate rages about what China wants. Strategic Planning: Nonprofit Board Orphan? : The absence of a strategic planning process endangers a nonprofit's future growth and stability. Making that process a priority in nonprofit board operations involves selecting and training board members to appreciate its importance to the ongoing success of the organization. Anti-Police Protest in Israel Turns Violent : Thousands of young Ethiopian-Israelis and sympathizers blocked main thoroughfares on Sunday, enraged over a video recording that showed a police officer beating an Ethiopian-Israeli soldier.", '2015-05-04': "With Big Names and Money Flowing In, Tech Start-Ups in India Heat Up : The stakes are high, and the valuations lofty, in a country that is adding five million new Internet users, many of them on mobile, a month. One Brew Does Not Fit All : The biggest mistake made in serving tea is water temperature, one expert says. Water that is too hot can burn the leaves and spoil the flavor. Philippines: A Digital Lifestyle Capital in the Making? : Late on Sunday Fosun offered to buy the 80 per cent it does not already own in Ironshore for $1.84bn. The reading is the lowest in twelve months. @ A reading above 50 indicates the manufacturing sector is expanding. Chinese policymakers are now taking of the 'new normal' - a new period of slower growth, after the economy's dramatic expansion over the previous two decades. But in China those strains are even greater. Black immigrants have a median household income of $43,800, but overall immigrants have a median income 9.6 percent higher. In what condition does the coalition government leave the UK economy? It seems, at the moment, that this argument is not playing that well in the polls. Even the recovery has not shrunk this gap. This largely explains the disappointment over living standards. ( Booms had been far bigger in the early 1970s, late 1970s and late 1980s. Data on inflation tell much the same story.", '2015-05-05': 'Huckabee Begins 2nd Campaign as the Conservative Choice From Hope : The former Arkansas governor thrilled conservatives when he ran for the White House in 2008, but the competition for their vote is lot tougher this time. The hue and cry of Britain’s general election obscures an inconvenient truth. The first peacetime coalition since the 1930s is likely to be followed by another inconclusive election. David Cameron, prime minister, and Ed Miliband, the Labour party leader, still hope they can snatch outright victory on May 7. For Cuyahoga County, Ohio, read Solihull, West Midlands. @ The overseas investment community is cognisant there is a bubble building. But it can go up further before it does so. @ Without the funds, Greece is expected to run out of cash this month. Heavyweights such as central banks, sovereign wealth funds, insurers and pension funds have portfolios weighted towards fixed income. @ Expanding inbound bond investment could help hedge against this. The focus on think-tanks comes as a political crackdown under President Xi Jinping cuts the flow of information from China’s more independent-minded academics and domestic media organisations available to the bureaucracy. @ Beijing was caught off-guard when the KMT instead suffered a landslide defeat. At the time, even the KMT expected to lose.', '2015-05-06': 'After Protests, 2 Charlie Hebdo Members Get Standing Ovation at PEN Gala : Members of the French satirical magazine accepted the award for “freedom of expression courage,” capping a debate over free speech and blasphemy that started in New York literary circles and spread. The United States and the European Union levied sanctions against Russia, which denied the allegations. Weeks later, Russia annexed Ukraine\'s Crimean Peninsula. It shows that Europe is becoming normal again." No one is yet ready to declare the European economy out of the woods. From Fisker to Coda, the car industry is littered with failed start-ups. Qoros is hoping to avoid the same fate. @ Texan Who Posted Gun Kit Online Sues State Dept. : Enormous, Humongous March Trade Deficit Creating Jobs Elsewhere : We should demand balance. So that means that abortion rights are safe in America, right? He was supposed to be the dictator no one would ever miss. Such is EU angst over the Mediterranean migrant crisis — where as many as 1,200 people have drowned crossing to Europe in recent weeks — that Gaddafi is held up as the one man able to keep boat people away from European shores. The figures made for awkward reading for US policy makers. Novatek already has a @ Chinese partner in [the] Yamal LNG project and they have a 20 per cent share and they are considering', '2015-05-07': 'Rubio&#8217;s Immigrant Story, and an Aging Party in Search of a Spark  : Mr. Rubio says his background presents a new twist on the American dream, but some Republicans hope it offers a balm to a party that has been scalded by accusations of prejudice. Iran Releases Cargo Vessel, Shipper Says : The Maersk Line said it was pleased that Iran had freed the ship, the Maersk Tigris, and its 24-member crew after talks with the Iranian authorities. The investment values the company at $8bn, according to people close to the deal, making it the latest beneficiary of interest from global investors in Chinese technology groups. @ He said on Wednesday it made more sense to keep the business because its growth prospects were stronger than anticipated. Gasoline prices are rising along with those of oil. With lower investments, over the next six months, supplies are going to be impacted. Demand continues to increase, and you\'ll see a price that starts to drift upward." Commercial crude and refined product inventories remained well above normal. Continuing turmoil in Yemen also puts in potential jeopardy vital sea lanes for oil shipments. Though the move is largely symbolic, the symbolism is huge. That in turn has implications for investors. Coal is the most abundant and obvious energy source in the world, but opponents to its use are more vocal than ever. @ Children With Special Needs Deserve America\'s Support : Children and adults with special needs deserve America\'s best effort.', '2015-05-08': 'There Will Be More Silence in the Face of Tyranny if We Continue to Look the Other Way : This dark vision for the future will be our own fault if we allow the attack on journalism around the world to go unchecked for another decade, if we continue to look the other way and ignore how killing the messenger erodes democracy and threatens a free, open society. Now Liberals have to focus on promoting the delivery mechanism. There are obvious reasons for this, but it might do them good to realise that the UK cannot remain complacent about its role in the world. Russia now stands as the eighth most popular investment destination in Europe, trailing neighbouring Poland (ranked number five) and just ahead of Romania. And these committed investors seem mostly to be coming from China. This is happening across Europe, Japan and China. @ In the space of a few hours the yield @ on Germany’s 10-year Bund jumpedfriend in need is a friend indeed. But what sort of a friend is China really to Russia? Voting ended at 10pm UK time, after which the exit polls are expected. @ The three-judge panel ruled that the programme exposed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden was not permitted by the Patriot Act, the sweeping counterterror bill passed by Congress in the wake of the 9/11 attacks. @ That was 3 per cent higher than analysts’ estimates. @ There will be no changing horses in mid-stream.', '2015-05-09': 'Russian president Vladimir Putin used the 70th anniversary of the end of world war two in Europe to call for a global non-bloc security system in a swipe against the US, which is boycotting the celebrations in Moscow. @ “ Only then can we ensure peace and tranquillity in the world,” Mr Putin said. Friday Talking Points -- Giggles the Pig For Mayor! : When it comes to the 2016 field of Republican presidential candidates, the rule of thumb this time around is obviously going to be "the more, the merrier!" Appeal to Dwindling Core Proves Costly for Labour Party in Britain : Ed Miliband, who built a campaign strategy of taxation of the rich and added social spending, resigned as the head of Labour after the party’s defeat in elections. : But the downside of electronic messaging is the lack of nuance.: But the growth in jobs failed to translate, once again, into any significant improvement in pay. But average hourly earnings rose only 0.1 percent in April, producing a 2.2 percent annual gain. Wage growth isn\'t a precondition to raising rates, but they want some confidence that it is on the way." In April, higher-wage sectors like professional and business services and construction were big winners. Too many people are working a 50-hour workweek and getting their food at a food pantry." Photograph A Construction Worker in Las Vegas. Photograph by John Locher/Associated Press) (B6) Charts: The Labor Picture in April (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B6)', '2015-05-10': "Aboutreika: Bridging Egyptian Polarization or Signalling a Shift in Attitudes? : Few are able to bridge Egypt's deeply polarizing divide between supporters and opponents of the Muslim Brotherhood following the 2013 military coup that toppled President Mohammed Morsi. TPP: Obama's Folly : The trade deals negotiated by the last three presidents have lowered U.S. wages, lost jobs and generated a chronic trade deficit. President Obama's main argument that exports have risen, without mentioning that imports have risen much faster, is now transparently deceitful to anyone who can add and subtract. Transformer Burns at Indian Point Reactor; Cuomo Cites Environmental Risks  : A fire at the Indian Point nuclear plant, about 24 miles north of New York City, was extinguished Saturday night, but the materials used to fight it could prove hazardous if they seep into the Hudson River. Houthis Agree to Cease-Fire for Five Days in Yemen : The Houthis’ acceptance of the cease-fire came as a Saudi-led coalition bombed the residence of Ali Abdullah Saleh, Yemen’s former president and a Houthi ally. Republican Hopefuls Push a Muscular Foreign Policy : Republican presidential hopefuls gathered Saturday in South Carolina to criticize President Obama for what they described as a weak and misguided approach to international affairs. Aboutreika: Bridging Egyptian Polarization or Signalling a Shift in Attitudes? :", '2015-05-11': 'How the EU Can Save You Energy Without Wasting Your Resources : At a time when companies are investing billions of euros to develop new and improved display technologies, imposing mandatory limits on energy use will harm progress in these vital economic and consumer interests. Mr de Soto showed how enabling individuals to own property legally would drive economic prosperity. The issue is not whether my data are private. As Scott McNealy, the co-founder of Sun Microsystems said: “You have zero privacy\u2009. Momentum appears to have been sustained into May. Companies are raising rapid  rounds of capital for only one reason: They can." Uber did not immediately respond to a request for comment. " This is the best time to raise money ever," he said last month. " For now, the tide is high  and nobody knows who\'s naked. " The problem is, it can be hard to keep track of all the available money-saving offers, and even harder to distinguish a good deal from a bad one. This means we should be spending less or experiencing improved outcomes.', '2015-05-12': "When it comes to management challenges, fish fingers and circuses are at opposite extremes: one product is the acme of industrialised food processing, the other the ultimate expression of human creativity and energy. But something else links these two apparently disparate businesses. All great enterprises start like a troupe of inventive and inspired circus performers. But over time most end up churning out the equivalent of pre-cut breaded strips of reconstituted seafood. I do not mean to disparage the creativity involved in food production. This trip is part of our ongoing effort to maintain direct lines of communication with senior Russian officials and to ensure US views are clearly conveyed,” the state department said. The best real estate investment in the world today? That is according to Hans Rosling, a Swedish public health professor and data visualisation pioneer. This amounts to a startling global shift in the pattern of trade. @ “ Greece, Facing Long-Term Debt Trouble, Sprints to Apply Short-Term Patches  : Athens will repeatedly run an obstacle course to pay billions of euros in debts to creditors and to meet basic obligations like salaries and pensions. A competition to secure trade with Iran has already been initiated. Where are we after 40+ years of talking about the childfree choice? Let's start with a quick broad stroke look back in time.", '2015-05-13': 'Shell&#8217;s Record Adds to the Anger of Those Who Oppose Arctic Drilling : Environmentalists cited past problems with a drilling rig’s running aground in 2012. But the company said it had revamped its operation and had better contingency plans. She is featured in CNN Original Series "High Profits," which airs Sunday nights at 10 p.m. ET/PT on CNN. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( Home cultivators, medical patients, recreational legalization supporters -- can\'t we all just get along? These guys have been privately cultivating for years, decades even. While I\'m not a patient, I consume cannabis for many different reasons and sometimes it is just to relax and have a few laughs with my friends. Are you "getting high" or are you "medicating"? I have asked friends if they wanted to go "smoke some weed." Let\'s not make it harder on ourselves with infighting. We have enough opponents already, it\'s time we come together. It aims to raise up to $1.3bn in new equity. @ But there is one glaring exception to this trend: student debt. Noticeable progress has been made recently in Chinese companies in the areas of capital structure, management and employee incentivisation. @ Commercial life, too, is now cleaner and more predictable. @', '2015-05-14': 'Traces of Chemicals in Syria Add to Pressure on Obama to Enforce a &#8216;Red Line&#8217;  : Despite mounting evidence that toxic weapons remain in Syria, the president appears no more eager to use military force there than he was in 2013.Emboldened Verizon Entering New Battle : Verizon’s deal to buy AOL, which barely registers in financial terms, may be the signature transaction that vanquishes all perceptions of the company as a stodgy utility. His lawyer said he did not remember the accident. But it will contribute to increasing frustration among the US’s negotiating partners. Foreign big-box retailers have found the going extremely tough in China. Meantime, Mexico is home to more than a million American expats. Christie&#8217;s Has First $1 Billion Week : A purchase price of $5.8 million with fees for Joan Mitchell’s 1969-70 Abstract Expressionist painting “Afternoon” pushed the total art sales by Christie’s this week past $1 billion.: Coming off a two-day losing streak, major stock indexes spent much of Wednesday drifting between small gains and losses before ending mostly lower. It leaves a lingering concern as to whether or not there\'s something more at work keeping the economy from rebounding." Traders saw the disappointing retail sales report early. Six of the 10 sectors in the S.&P. 500 moved lower.', '2015-05-15': 'The Forgotten Farmers : While I advocate for organic food, I see a rising obsession for certified USDA Organic that is alarming. But Russian counter moves can move America out of its position of world leader. The White House downplayed the defeat as a “procedural snafu”. The Senate was supposed to be the easy part. China does not suffer from procedural mishaps. Hillary Clinton’s ambivalence is one measure of how tough that will be. Her stance owes much to political calculation. They might for six months but not for the rest of time. ” Cofco said it had signed an agreement with CIC to create Cofco International Holding Company. @ The indexes are up for the month and year. Technology and consumer staples stocks were among the biggest gainers. We\'re up 1 percent today and that\'s a decent move." The market consensus has to be that it will be September or later that the Fed will move." Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Freddie Mac Yields: Average for Some Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Securities. ( However, climate change will not affect everyone equally.', '2015-05-16': 'Ethnic Tensions Spill Onto Iranian Soccer Pitches : Against a backdrop of the violent redrawing of the map of the Middle East as minorities assert their rights, rebels challenge the existing order, and militant Islamists seek to carve up the post-colonial order, Iranian soccer pitches are signalling that the Islamic republic is not totally immune to the region\'s upheaval. New York Times Ignores Dangerous Consequences of Pro-Israel Amendment to TPA : The New York Times\' coverage of Congressional antics related to the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) legislation has ignored so many critical aspects of the bill that it might be time for the "paper of record" to change its motto from "All the news that\'s fit to print" to "All the news we think fits, we print. " An "emergency situation" occurred during the boost phase, Roscosmos said. The emergencies ministry has been notified," Interfax news agency quoted a space agency source as saying. Proton-M rockets usually comprise three stages or more. The Dow rose 20.32 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,272.56. That\'s within 16 points of its record set on March 2. Others failed to live up to expectations, however. Other reports this week have also shown diverging trends for the American economy. We\'re muddling through, and the market is just fine with that." Many economists don\'t expect the central bank to increase rates before September. Precious and industrial metals futures edged mostly higher.', '2015-05-17': 'Sunday Roundup : This week, another Bush got caught in an Iraq quagmire with no exit strategy. When Jeb Bush was asked if he\'d have authorized invading Iraq knowing what we know now, he replied, "I would have." He continued to flail all week, saying on Wednesday that such "hypotheticals" are a "disservice" to the troops, and on Thursday that he "would not have gone into Iraq." The jaws that rightly dropped in response to his floundering were notably bipartisan. It\'s shocking that Jeb didn\'t have a prepared answer to this elephant sitting in the middle of his campaign headquarters, but heartening to see how far establishment thinking has come on Iraq. Speaker Boehner\'s recent comments are an encouraging sign. Ukraine Mired in Political and Economic Chaos Long After Revolution : The new government led by Petro O. Poroshenko has largely failed to deliver on promises to root out endemic corruption and has become ensnared in new allegations of misconduct. Here\'s How To Land A Summer Job : Think summer jobs are just for kids? Now is just the right time and you are at just the right age to land an adventure-filled position that will prove both fun and rewarding. The seasonal job market has opened up to applicants of all ages.', '2015-05-18': "Women Scientists' Academic-Hiring Advantage Is Unwelcome News for Some: Part 3 : The bane of every researcher is the critic who says a study is actually about some question it was never designed to answer -- then proceeds to demean the study for failing to answer the question it never asked.7 Fatal Marketing Mistakes That Can Destroy Your Campaign : Marketing is an essential part of doing business. Unless you increase your brand's visibility and raise customer awareness, you'll never gain enough momentum to build a recurring stream of revenue. I made a bad decision the other day -- although I don't know how it could have turned out differently. It puts an end to 12 years of domination by Duke Corporate Education. No two countries that had McDonald’srestaurants would go to war. Could the age of globalisation be going into reverse? @ Their sales at home and abroad have beenheading downwards. Unfortunately, events are challenging the updated version as well. New home prices in 70 cities fell by an average 6.1 per cent year-on-year last month, based on calculations by Reuters from official data published by China's National Bureau of Statistics. The index has been deflating for eight months now. Our growth rates are much faster, our job creation is faster, our fiscal deficit is totally coming under control, our current account deficit has never been as good. ”", '2015-05-19': 'A New Organization to Control and Spy On Cuba\'s Computer Users : The new Computer Users Union of Cuba (UIC) will enjoy the official recognition that has been lacking until now for independent groups of bloggers, gamers and programmers. Have the US and its allies in Asia reached a tipping point in their relations with China? Real and unreal collide frequently in Chinese markets. The Intime-Alibaba connection goes back to March 2014. Listed bricks and mortar retailers have been losing their appeal. World Briefing | Asia; Thailand: Ex-Premier’s Trial Starts : The ousted prime minister voiced confidence in her innocence in connection with a plan to prop up rice prices, which her opponents called a waste of money. Here is a deeper look into a consolidation with Wells Fargo. Company executives typically field questions from analysts and investors on earnings calls. Can AbTech survive these recent setbacks?" AbTech is fortunate to be supported by very dedicated investors, board of directors, advisory board and management. AbTech believes strongly in its technologies, priorities and future business opportunities." Credit: SUSANNE CRAIG; Ben Protess and William K. Rashbaum contributed reporting.: United States government bond prices fell. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2015-05-20': 'Stephanopoulos Incident Feeds False Republican Myth That the Media Is Liberally Biased : Stephanopoulos should have disclosed his donations to the Clinton Foundation. That was the lowest level since February 3. No reasons were given for the suspension. Hanergy confirmed that Li Hejun, chairman and majority shareholder, did not attend Thursday’s annual meeting in Hong Kong, although other senior executives, including Frank Dai Mingfang, chief executive, and Eddie Lam, finance director, did attend. Why is Barack Obama so desperate to secure a Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal? Sometimes a species reaches the end of its natural existence. As its numbers dwindle, disappearance becomes inevitable and the last survivors of the doomed herd become objects of curiosity and pity. This is happening to chief executives who are also chairmen — but with none of the pity. @ Plenty of chief executives are also chairman. Where they exist, they are simply not being replaced. Consider Hong Kong-listed software maker Kingdee. But "you have to keep it in perspective," he added. " Most analysts now do not expect the Fed to act until September at the earliest. " The work challenges me physically, emotionally and cognitively.', '2015-05-21': 'U.S. Elevates the Status of Tunisia as an Ally : The designation will bring a higher level of strategic cooperation akin to the relationship with Japan and Israel, and is meant to encourage Tunisia’s democratic transition. How to Understand the Topsy-Turvy Bond Market : Volatility in a normally calm sector is a sign that the number of players in the market responding to prices in an economically rational way is small. Among those attending are US allies such as the UK, France, Germany and South Korea. Surrendering the role of primus inter pares is hard. A reading below 50 indicates the manufacturing sector is contracting. It\'s so divisive, people aren\'t talking about it, and Irish people love to talk!" Speaking this week, Kenny confirmed he himself would be voting yes. It also has the support of Ireland\'s political parties. The right to civil partnership for same-sex couples in Ireland was introduced in 2010. Irish people are fair-minded, welcoming and confident. CNN\'s Hazel Pfeifer reported from Dublin and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London. Addressing Online Ad Fraud : Online ad fraud is costing millions. It is also the time to start the community conversation about the next chapter of our movement.', '2015-05-22': "China and the Reefs: A Weakness in the U.S. Position  : Jerome A. Cohen, a law professor at N.Y.U., writes that the United States cannot avail itself of arbitration of China’s action under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea because it has failed to ratify the convention. To many South American leaders, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang’s visit this week couldn’t come at a better time, and from a better country. But the increasing presence of retail customers and momentum investors, many of them from the mainland, may force a rethink. It is true that Chinese markets are a speculative heaven. So, too, are stock markets everywhere, to a greater or lesser degree. The wine merchant and debt factoring company (Why has no one thought of that combination before? fell by two-fifths yesterday, sending $12bn off to money heaven. @ They then announced it again in December. Now they are promising it will be fully lifted by next month. The study predicts Chinese investment in the US could increase to between $100bn and $200bn by 2020, creating 200,000-400,000 jobs. Is China's Shenzhen Composite defying the laws of finance or the laws of gravity? @ And of the past 11 sessions, there's been just one down day. Unlocking the Potential of Regenerative Medicine : The future will almost certainly bring new and unexpected challenges.", '2015-05-23': 'Big Oil: Masters of Deception and Inhumanity : Last week, the American Petroleum Institute -- the primary lobbying group for the oil and gas industry -- hit a new low in their use of deceptive advertising. There are some public services that get really loused up when done privately and for profit. While reflecting her personal view, it largely echoes an account published on Wednesday of the Fed\'s most recent policy meeting. Low rates encourage borrowing by businesses and consumers, and risk-taking by investors seeking higher returns. She said lower gas prices had yielded savings of about $700 a household. State and local governments have stopped cutting back on spending. Some of this apparent weakness may just be statistical noise," she said. That view, however, does not yet command a consensus. She also noted that the recovery remained uneven. Only one of the country\'s 43 parliamentary constituencies failed to pass it. And today, the people have told quite some story. " Politicians, particularly in the north need to reflect on this progress." CNN\'s Hazel Pfeifer and Vasco Cotovio, and journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report.: The company also raised its profit forecast for the year. Despite headwinds, it continues to plug along." Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2015-05-24': 'The TPP Is Corporate America\'s \'Precious,\' but the House Is Mount Doom : Thanks to a 20-year push to avoid making the NAFTA mistake twice, there is now a progressive coalition capable of tossing fast track and corporate-giveaway trade deals into the fiery depths of a congressional volcano. And those who work for such organizations could be sentenced to as much as six years in prison. The U.S. State Department said it was "deeply troubled." Amnesty International said the law threatened "fundamental freedoms." Nevertheless, she said she did not believe the law was aimed at international organizations like hers. Follow @faithcnn CNN\'s Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report. Iraqi Forces Are Blamed in ISIS Rout : In some of the administration’s strongest remarks yet, Ashton B. Carter said Iraqi troops “failed to fight,” blaming them for a retreat that led to the fall of Ramadi to the Islamic State. Officials, however, worry that the dam may burst, creating a dangerous torrent of water. Ethiopia&#8217;s Ruling Party Is Expected to Remain in Power  : The Ethiopian People’s Revolutionary Democratic Front has been in power for 24 years. Given its influence in rural areas, it is likely to win again in Sunday’s national election. Robots have indeed eliminated a great deal of factory work and are rapidly moving on to product design, medical diagnostics, research, teaching, accounting, translating, copy editing, and a great deal more. Once-secure professions are no longer safe.', '2015-05-25': 'Ruling Party Loses Hold as Leftists Surge in Spain : While the Popular Party won the most votes, according to preliminary results, it was set to lose its parliamentary majorities in most, if not all, of the country’s provinces. Until last week, HTF was valued at more than Tesla and Twitter. The announcement came during Mr Li\'s visit to Peru, which started on Friday. China has embarked on an economic balancing act that is bound to appear counter-intuitive to many observers. However, it held onto an absolute majority in only two of them. In Poland, the President\'s powers are limited, although he can veto legislation and is chief of the armed forces. A voter casts her ballot Sunday at a polling station in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Western observers were not invited to monitor the balloting. But he was an ally of the United States in the fight against terrorism. Follow @faithcnn CNN\'s Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report. But the absolute risk of the condition remains “very low,” a doctor says. Their answers also resonate in the nonprofit arena. If you\'re in the position to hire, honing these attributes will also help you spot the same qualities in winners who will come work for you. What happened to the staunchly conservative, almost fanatical Catholicism of the Irish people? If so, would that be a good thing or a bad one? We should want to see yields rise, but modestly. Conservatives rhapsodize about the "free market" and condemn government intrusion.', '2015-05-26': "Supreme Court Rules on Whistle-Blower Case and Bankruptcy Judges  : The court said that a suit against Halliburton and KBR Inc. had been filed too late, and it also expanded the power of bankruptcy judges. Can We Head Off a Long Hot Summer of Riots and Rebellion? : Networking Made Easy: 8 Conversation Starters For Those Who Don't Know Where To Start : Done right, networking can be the silver bullet for building your profile, gaining new business opportunities and building your career. This is not a new trick, and has been used many times in the past. ” In other words, it had been outpacing its own benchmark up until that point, despite the looming likelihood of defaulting on its debt. The Shenzhen Composite has doubled in value this year. It means that the rule of law really works. ” The other, Euro-Asia Agricultural Holdings, was equally threatening. Both chairmen were punished for their criminal offences. The coming turn in US interest rates may be the most telegraphed in many cycles. It would, however, be rash to make assumptions. The balance of risk is skewed the other way, however. The same applies to corporate investment, which remains disappointingly weak. Since that first encounter in 2008, the two men have become inseparable. “", '2015-05-27': 'House Hunting in ... Hungary : The housing market in Budapest, Hungary, began to recover only last year after home prices fell by 10 percent to 20 percent following the global real estate crisis. The number of shares and the price would be revealed after the deal was completed, BYD said. @ The gains in efficiency are impressive but they are not being replicated across America. Do you want to be more productive at work? Make sure you sleep at least seven hours a night — but smoke and drink as much as you want. @ They used data taken from companies that took part in the insurer’s “Britain’s Healthiest Company” competition. At the height of the British empire, a popular song went: “We don’t want to fight/But by Jingo if we do/We’ve got the ships, We’ve got the men, We’ve got the money too.” The Westpac MNI China Consumer Sentiment Indicator held steady this month at 111.1, after falling from 114.7 in March. The feared political backlash has not materialized yet. The timing of the bond-buying program proved to be fortunate. But the gain was meager -- just 0.1 percent. Structural reform can raise that potential. Investors remained concerned about Greece\'s ability to repay its debts. Industrial, oil and gas, and material sector companies were broadly lower. Many expect that to occur later this year or early next year. " Venezuela: World\'s Highest Inflation Rate : Venezuela\'s bolivar is collapsing.', '2015-05-28': "Drought-stricken Southwest considers water desalination  - CNN : Parched Southwest looks closely at turning salt water into fresh water : Story highlightsEntire Southwestern U.S. struggles with drought, water needsCommunities consider water desalination facilities (CNN)It's not just California. Droughts are sapping precious water supplies all across America's southwest. Long-term weather forecasters predict it could get a lot worse. That's 10% of the company's 2.3 million customers. Environmental groups have been cautiously supportive. Pure water molecules then exit the other side. ElectrolyticElectricity is the key to this process. Salt in water is made up of atoms called ions that have electrical charges. We all want to make the most of our time, finding more to spend with family, more time to exercise, more time to read, more time to sleep, and more time to dedicate toward our career endeavors. What do you do if you have access to cheap money? Chinese companies have been on an overseas shopping spree, with the latest deals coming yesterday. But there are significant disparities among geographical regions. @ Coming to San Francisco for the first time in a few years brings home how much it has been transformed. Brave new world companies create something that was not there before. Following my dreams has been a lesson in growth. Venture Capital Investing -- Less for Your Dollars : Venture capital investing has a tendency to be boring. And the reality is, that isn't the case now and certainly won't be true in the future.", '2015-05-29': '5 Ways to Bring Humanity Into the Workplace : Enlightened, successful organizations understand that people are at the core of their success. Decades of experiments have proven that happy employees are better at creative problem solving, which drives engagement and financial results. World Briefing | Middle East; Saudi Arabia: Shiite Mosque Attacked : It was the second attack claimed by the Islamic State in two weeks, and raises fears that sectarian passions fueling conflicts across the Middle East pose a threat to the kingdom. But the driver refused and kicked her out of the cab. The Tanker Has Turned : I am optimistic that we can still get on course for a 2°C future. He returned last month from a — substantially unexplained — 15-week absence. The whole episode seems no worse than a bad dream. Fossil fuels have been taking a lot of heat. Profiting from the shift has not been easy. He had been part of an informal panel of dealers intended to gather and share information from the markets. Yet the issue goes much deeper than the inquiry acknowledged. In three years, Prof Meier has taken 120 students to Cuba. But he could have taken many more, he says. “', '2015-05-30': 'GCC Business Leaders Remain Confident in the Face of Regional Challenges : The success of the economies of these countries is not only important for their own people, but for the millions of expatriates who work there, sometimes under difficult circumstances, and who annually send $50 billion to their home countries -- making this region the largest source of remittances in the world. I was able to live the life I wanted while traveling the world... all while marketing my company\xa0online. It actually grew ten percent while I was gone. Along with the discouraging economic data, investors continued to watch developments out of Greece. United States government bond prices rose slightly. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( But he cautioned that the data remained in flux and warned that even his own estimate could end up being wide of the mark. " But it could be anywhere between 1 percent and 5 percent." We can\'t sustain 3 or 4 percent growth for very long, so it\'s two steps forward, one step back." The jobless rate stood at 8 percent a little over two years ago. New-home sales and construction were also strong in April. We will get a modest bounce back this quarter."', '2015-05-31': 'Obama&#8217;s Trade Deal Faces Bipartisan Peril in the House  : After clearing the Senate last month, the bill to give the president fast-track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership will meet skepticism from both sides of the aisle. Federal Investigators Fault Medicare&#8217;s Reliance on Doctors for Pay Standards  : An overreliance on the American Medical Association may result in inaccuracies in the distribution of more than $70 billion a year to doctors treating Medicare patients, investigators said. Crane Collapse Causes Heavy Equipment to Fall, Injuring 7 in Midtown Manhattan : The crane was lifting a heating and air-conditioning unit to the top of 261 Madison Avenue when it came untethered, sending the unit falling 30 stories to the ground, the Fire Department said. Western Officials Alarmed by ISIS’ Advances in Libya : The group’s expansion in Libya gives it an alternative base of operations as it appears to be gaining ground in Palmyra in Syria and in Ramadi in Iraq. What to Do When Your Vacation Rental Gets a Better Offer : Even though you may not have any rights on paper, you can still appeal to the company to do the right thing. NatGeo Loses Its Compass : The National Geographic Channel is known for high-quality nature shows, nonfiction programs and factual documentaries, including those with a focus on history. Some 74 percent of all households in the US with televisions have NatGeo available for viewing.', '2015-06-01': "Illinois Legislative Session Ends, but Battles Over Deficit and Taxes Are Only Beginning : The state has a new budget, but with a shortfall, and while lawmakers said they would keep meeting as needed, there was little hope for a deal. It increases productivity because we don't think or work or create at the same rate throughout the day. Health Care Company May Lose Rikers Deal  : Corizon, a for-profit company, has been accused by state investigators of neglecting and improperly treating inmates at the jail complex, a dozen of whom have died. In late October, China’s cabinet announced it would allow foreign companies to access the market. Demand for renminbi debt has been dented in part by the rally in Chinese shares. And American workers and politicians should stop buying it. The U.S. can sign trade agreements with countries after they stop murdering trade unionists and countenancing child labor. Easy Ways to Save On Your Summer Vacation to Europe : Airfare prices are at their highest, crowds are at their largest and travel planning is at its most frustrating. Here are some easy ways to save money on your European vacation. The Shanghai Composite rose 4.8 per cent on Monday, snapping a two-day losing streak including its second-biggest loss of 2015.", '2015-06-02': "Urgently Assembled Meeting for Leaders in Greek Crisis : Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece is under mounting pressures from many sides, and European leaders hope to help his cash-starved country swiftly meet its financial obligations. Gunplay Rises, Reviving Issue for de Blasio : Homicides by gunfire, seen as a key measure of preventable violence, are up steeply this year — of the 135 killings through May, 98 involved a gun. Belated Recognition for Valor of 2 Soldiers in World War I : President Obama said the valor of the Army men — Pvt. Henry Johnson, an African-American, and Sgt. Temperatures hit a high of 48 degrees Celsius in some cities last week -- that's 118 degrees Fahrenheit. Heat wave conditions remain in isolated areas of that state, as well as some areas of Bihar. The government is urging residents to use an umbrella, hat or turban to protect themselves from the sun -- and drink plenty of water. She's going thru 4 drums a day, 200 liters each. Construction workers stretched out on top of huge steel pipes. It tried public condemnation it tried quiet diplomacy. It said investment averaged $10bn annually over each of the past four years.", '2015-06-03': 'Wind Energy Jobs On The Rise As U.S. States Chart A Clean Path To Fight Climate Change : With summer fast approaching, the impacts of climate change are hitting home with even greater force. On Top of the Pont du Gard Aqueduct : The Romans left behind some impressive examples of engineering in their first province. It\'s still a decent market," said Jerry Braakman, chief investment officer of First American Trust. " We\'re up for the year but it\'s not flying off the roof like it has been for the last five, or six years." The company also announced that its board had approved a $500 million share buyback program. European government bond yields also rose broadly. The dollar weakened against the Japanese yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday (Source: Bloomberg)CNN : Russia\'s space program in crisis? : Some commercial satellite operators have already started to take their business elsewhere. And not just in space, but on the ground as well. And there has even been a hunger strike by unpaid workers. There may be worse pain to come for these investors. Say Fosun or Anbang to most Europeans and they will probably shrug. Shanghai’s composite index trades on 17 times.', '2015-06-04': "5 Ways the IRS Scammers Could Have Stolen All Those Tax Returns : Whether data compromises give rise to breaking news stories or pounding headaches, anything less than a zero-tolerance attitude toward identity-related crimes won't get us to the place we need to be. The yield on German 10-year bonds — Bunds — hit 0.897 per cent, its highest since October last year. It has risenWhat is going to happen with Greece? On the contrary people care passionately, in directly conflicting directions. The marriage is ghastly but divorce is scary. @ Haircuts would certainly be raised sharply. The knowledge that default is imminent has already accelerated a run on the Greek banks. Saying Thank You In the Best Way Possible : I was listening to a great leader... someone who had hit rock bottom (maybe even that place below rock bottom) and rose again through sheer determination. This fall is not a mystery, as is often claimed. Capital does not last for ever  the rate at which the capital stock is growing must therefore be even lower than that. @ She cited several risks, however, to that relatively optimistic picture. Photograph Customers at a Shopping Center in Singapore. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Is Hoping for Faster Growth Next Year. (:", '2015-06-05': 'The National Anticorruption Directorate, also known as DNA, questioned Prime Minister Victor Ponta on Friday morning regarding allegations dating back eight years, according to reports from Romania\'s Agerpres national news agency. In my opinion, it is an impossible situation for Romania to have the Prime Minister charged with major offenses," Iohannis said, according to Agerpres. " That said, Romania hasn\'t been free of corruption in that time. There is a fin de siècle feel about China. Imports of commodities have slumped, as anyone in Brazil and Angola can tell you. Yet there is something brittle about his authority. Some economists say the slowdown is much sharper than official numbers suggest. Yet if you are looking for flashing red lights, there are plenty around. But the present decline is different in several respects. What Nate Silver\'s Analysis Misses About 2016 : Psychology matters in elections. Throughout my career I\'ve seen how having confidence from start to finish impacts campaigns. Understanding your strengths puts the wind at your back. It emboldens candidates and allies, and energizes volunteers, donors and supporters. And it can set the stage for sweeping victories. But growth continues to disappoint their expectations. That remains a minority view among Fed officials. Photograph Christine Lagarde, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. ( Save the Receipts for Home Improvements : Solid gains in home values mean more homeowners could face a hefty tax when they sell.', '2015-06-06': 'The Truth Teller : In August 1998, in what was my last meeting with Tariq Aziz as a weapons inspector, he lambasted the lack of progress after more than seven years of inspections. " The truth is that Iraq has no proscribed weapons or capabilities in any areas within the mandate of the Special Commission... Your duty is to take the direct political responsibility and report the truth. " Still, the major stock indexes finished mixed. They can handle higher interest rates as long as they come at a measured pace." The benchmark Athens index slumped 5 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (: You could almost hear the sighs of relief. Still, as the recovery reaches its sixth anniversary, there are signs that the gains have not been spread evenly. I think that will all be transient," he added. Some employers were showing their optimism by hiring. We\'re sold out into August and building everything to order." They\'ll leave their existing companies for a new job." And daily financial challenges manifest themselves in small ways and large. That is where we get increases in our standard of living." Credit: PATRICIA COHEN; Binyamin Appelbaum contributed reporting.', '2015-06-07': 'Louisiana Manages to Meet EPA\'s Ozone Standard Before an Anticipated Rule Tightening : Last year, the EPA signaled that it will announce a stricter ground-level ozone standard this fall. After a struggle, Baton Rouge and neighboring parishes with refineries and petrochemical plants have managed to comply with EPA\'s current ozone standard. Why Conservatives Love to Fan the Black Murder Myth : Conservative blogs and pundits are at it again screaming that young black males are killing each other with abandon in city after city. It makes no difference that murder rates have drastically plunged in most big cities over the past two decades. But this is a country where politics can be unpredictable. Power shift now in doubtRead MoreErdogan\'s party had looked to win 330 seats, which would allow it to carry out a referendum for constitutional changes without needing votes from other parties. He lost no time in signaling he would like to see more powers transferred to the presidential palace. Erdogan has been accused of autocratic tendencies, corruption and extravagance. The 1,000 room-plus palace he built on publicly protected land is just one popular example. There is a change going on and that is really exciting for me, for everyone really" Yilmaz said. CNN\'s Arwa Damon and Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul, and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London.', '2015-06-08': 'The Shameful Senate Vote That Denied Gay Veterans the Benefits They Earned : Forty-two Republicans, none of whom even bothered to speak in opposition, voted to continue discrimination, and my amendment was defeated. India : The world is watching Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi\'s valiant efforts to bring his underdeveloped nation into the 21st century. The strength of growth will encourage the Bank of Japan and makes it less likely to expand the Y80tn-a-year programme of asset purchases aimed at ending two decades of on-off deflation. Deutsche Bank’s investors could not possibly receive better news. It is undoubtedly time to give someone else a chance to attempt the nearly impossible. @ The assessment was not a surprise: respected independent outfits such as the Peterson Institute and the consultancy Oxford Economics have been saying similar for a while. @ And certainly, as of yet, no "Speech of Hope" for this fallen people. In the Race to Save the Elephants, will the U.S. or China Step Up First? : Landing your first career position will be a job unto itself. But you\'ll also find yourself setting the stage for a lifetime of financial management. It\'s an achievable goal, when tackled with a country-by-country approach.', '2015-06-09': "At 50, Draft Has Sharpened Its Focus  : Top high school prospects, like the four who were in New York for the opening day of the draft, are the focus of greater attention today than they were years ago. Moreover, the new bank’s purpose — to develop infrastructure in Asia — is a good goal. He also reached out to another American who had served as World Bank country director for China and then worked with the US embassy. What should policy makers and investors conclude? If you want to be optimistic, you might see this as a welcome return of animal spirits. In the immediate aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, corporate executives were so scarred — and scared — that their priority was to cut corporate debt and costs. But now the C-suite feels more ambitious. Britain’s debate about Europe echoes arguments that were taking place nearly 300 years ago when Sir Robert Walpole became [THE FIRST?]the first prime minister[OR IS THIS WHEN HE BECAME CHANCELLOR?]. He believed it would become a world-leading listed coal producer. @ That was below the 1.3 per cent pace predicted by forecasters. @ it will be such a huge popular issue . . . that even if it's not successful the first time, it will eventually be. Why Has a Key Federal Judgeship in Wisconsin Been Vacant for 2,000 Days? :", '2015-06-10': 'Aung San Suu Kyi’s first trip to Beijing is not quite a historic piece of Nixon-to-China diplomacy. The outlook is more pessimistic than it has ever been,” said Joerg Wuttke, the chamber’s president. “[ China’s economic] transition seems to be difficult. No European companies are leaving but headquarters are putting less into China.” @ MSCI-tracked funds are worth nearly $1.7tn. The bank generates 37 per cent of group revenues from Asia, with Europe next at 34 per cent. Mr Humphrey was apparently freed on health grounds and is in a Shanghai hospital having tests relating to cancer. @ So far, only one country, China, appears to have spotted the opportunities presented by this situation. Most others merely watch the dollar in fear. News of the potential sale emerged this week. It secures a market-leading business that is exceptionally well positioned to deliver value-building investment flows." The transaction is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the third quarter. The Canada Pension Plan Investment Board was advised by Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley.3 Simple Steps to Take Back Control of Your Business Day : Debbie owned a $12 million/year marketing firm that worked with fortune 500 clients. She had so much opportunity to grow, but because she was totally overwhelmed he left each day feeling drained and disempowered to continue to scale.', '2015-06-11': 'When it listed in Hong Kong in 2008, Renhe Commercial Holdings attracted investors’ attention because it had a business model unlike most Chinese property developers: turning disused underground bomb shelters into shopping malls. @ Apple has paved the way for iPhone users to block online advertising shown in its Safari web browser, in an attempt to improve privacy that could prevent web publishers from reaching some of their most valuable customers. @ Midway through the second quarter, key elements in China\'s economy suggested stabilisation. @ The market rallied Wednesday to end a weeklong slump. Everybody\'s screen is full of green," said Matt Kaufler, a fund manager at Federated Investors. It was the best day for the benchmark in a month. United States government bond prices continued to slide. The previous limit had been 170 million shares. Netflix\'s share price has nearly doubled this year. Benchmark United States crude rose $1.29 to settle at $61.43 a barrel in New York. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( As it turned out, foreign banks arrived in China as lambs to the slaughter. Such transitions are difficult because of the clash of vested interests.', '2015-06-12': "President George W Bush was once believed to have said that the French lack a word for “entrepreneur”. It is one based on a hazy grasp of its subject. These lead to misconceptions and misguided political interventions. @ The original French word suggests “a go-between” — like Shakespeare's merchant of Venice, a man with “an argosy bound to Tripoli, another to the Indies\u2009. a third at Mexico, a fourth for England”. To buy where goods are cheap and sell where they are dear is the essence of entrepreneurship. What is far less clear is whether\xa0this matters. @ Shares jumped as much as 10 per cent in after-hours trading when Twitter announced the move in a filing. I worry that there is no Democratic back-up plan. Architects design 'world's tallest' wooden skyscraper - CNN : Architects design 'world's tallest' wooden skyscraper :  (CNN)Forget steel and concrete. But tall wooden buildings are an architectural development being given increasingly serious consideration in a number of locations around the world. Promotional literature relating to Baobab states it would store an estimated 3,700 metric tons of carbon dioxide. This could potentially reduce cost, disruption and build time.", '2015-06-13': "10 Common Mistakes Managers Make That Hurt Their Business : Fortunately (and unfortunately) many people that start and run a business often don't know the problems and difficulties they are likely to face. If they knew about all these problems, they probably would not start the business in the first place. Friday Talking Points -- Bernie Sanders Shows Democrats What 'Family Values' Should Mean : Trade deals are one subject (one of the very few left) which do not break down on party line. But it is a clear defeat for Obama, who lobbied hard to very little effect. Stadium Construction: A Political Barometer : Politics is never divorced from sports, not even when it comes to the construction of stadia. That's why trade adjustment assistance is needed. And that may be the one boost you need so that your work feels a little bit less like work. Here are three ways to start connecting now. And while the health of some tuna stocks has improved, long-term sustainability remains a challenge. Success of Kurdish Forces Is a Rare Bright Spot for U.S. Policy in Iraq : The ability of pesh merga forces to retake and defend territory has offered a glimmer of hope for the Obama administration’s policy of coordinating with local forces to battle the Islamic State.", '2015-06-14': 'Why the Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Nearly Dead : The Trans-Pacific Partnership may yet squeak through Congress but its near-death experience offers an important lesson. It\'s not that labor unions have regained political power or that the president is especially weak. The biggest lesson is most Americans no longer support free trade. SEC Commissioner: We Shouldn\'t Be Promoting Investor Confidence : SEC Commissioner Michael Piwowar, said in a speech to Cato recently that the goal of the SEC should not be to "promote investor confidence," but instead to "promote investor skepticism." Concern for the Men Still Behind Bars  : Clinton Correctional Facility has not allowed visitors since two men escaped a week ago, prompting concerns from family members about how life has changed on the inside. I am frequently asked: How powerful is AIPAC in Washington really? My answer: Not so powerful that it cannot be beaten -- if we choose our battles correctly. Officials are still searching for escaped animals. Flooding has also extended to parts of the Kura River (also known as the Mtkvari). Rescue workers carried people on their shoulders through water that was up to the waist.', '2015-06-15': "The Power of Keeping It Personal : Technology has made it so easy to reach so many people in such a short period of time which is an amazing business tool and a way to keep tabs on a great number of people, but we're turning away from the personal touch. The spacecraft began transmitting data packets to earth on Saturday. That euphoria, which has been subsiding for years, is now at a low ebb. A decline in import demand means emerging markets subtracted from world trade growth in the first quarter of this year for the first time since 2009.UK travel group Thomas Cook has deepened its relationship with its major Chinese shareholder Fosun, forming a partnership to sell holidays to China's growing middle class. @ Global investors have been buying them up like a business traveller with a company card. @ The speed of the rally has been astonishing. Reform of the SOEs has been moving too slowly. They added that Beijing had also cracked the encrypted documents. @ We are living through our best days . . . The American audience did not recoil in horror, as you might expect. Instead they cheered his speech as inspirational. In 10 years there will be half a billion people who are middle class [in China],” he observed. “[ As a piece of public relations, it was brilliant. Is there any significant likelihood that policy action will eliminate the risk of climate disaster?", '2015-06-16': '9 Tips to Kick Your Business\' Summer Marketing Campaign Up a Notch : Summer is an excellent time to get out and about and promote your business. You\'d be a fool to miss out at this time of year so here are nine tips to help get you started. U.S. troops are greatly reduced in Afghanistan and Iraq. Humpty Dumpty cannot be put back together again. I moved home and was met with a staggering 13% local unemployment rate. Needless to say, it definitely tested my patience and my resilience. Nor that he warned them that a vote against it would be the same as one against him. But industry observers say their battle is far from over. @ Any reading above zero indicates expansion. Measures of current sales conditions and traffic by prospective buyers surged. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Industrial Production: Index of Total Industrial Production, 2007 = 100, Seasonally Adjusted.;: The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index slid 9.68 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,084.43. Many economists anticipate such a move could come as soon as September. " Precious and industrial metals futures closed mixed.', '2015-06-17': ': Signs of more corporate deal making sent U.S. stocks higher on Tuesday, allowing investors to take their mind off Greece\'s debt troubles. Ultralow rates have helped drive a six-year bull market. Referring to the Fed, JJ Kinahan, TD Ameritrade\'s chief strategist, said, "The sooner they define it and actually do it, the better off for the market." France\'s CAC 40 rose 0.5 percent, while Germany\'s DAX added 0.5 percent. The favorable projections on interest rates provided the most significant and positive news. She thinks "all the time" about selling those assets and heading for safety. You\'d be giving up on a significant amount of income." I am very concerned about the market impact." Inflation is quite low, growth is not accelerating and central banks around the world are easing." But he said here, too, he saw reason for confidence. " But I don\'t think that\'s going to happen in the coming cycle. But average global improvements are little consolations for a mother in Syria who has lost her children in bombings or people in South Sudan whose village has been burnt to the ground. It is widely used in international trade and finance transactions. That group comprises the dollar, the euro, the yen and sterling. @ And girls’ education is an urgent economic issue. But for me, this is not just about policy or economics. Around 500 workers are sleeping in the factory to ensure machines won’t be moved out.', '2015-06-18': 'Cuba Offers Its Citizens Better Access to Internet : Cuba, one of the Western Hemisphere’s least-wired countries, is poised to expand access to the Internet by introducing some three dozen Wi-Fi hot spots around the island and reducing the steep fees. WASHINGTON -- The era of easy money is not ending yet. Officials also predicted they would raise rates more slowly in subsequent years. Investors appeared to accept the argument. Job growth, however, has remained relatively strong. The International Monetary Fund has also urged the Fed to wait. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( A growing number of people feel that enough is now enough. But the currency union would also no longer be irrevocable. Self-fulfilling speculation could force even more divorces. More trust-worthy measures have followed the same pattern over the past five years: the Li Keqiang index, named after the premier, was dragged down by lower electricity and rail freight volumes, while commodity prices have tumbled. @ Today, only 25 out of 100 are bought by Chinese. @ The prospective buyers also include Citic Securities and Sequoia Capital China. @ This has now been supplanted by exasperation.', '2015-06-19': 'Variable Annuity Plus Guaranteed Income Merits Careful Scrutiny  : A guaranteed income for life that can increase may sound too good to resist, but investors should be certain they understand the terms and the costs. The Nasdaq\'s rise has been driven by technology and health care. When the Nasdaq was at its highest, the ratio reached 194. Both companies reported positive news on treatments still in development. The debt-stricken nation and its international lenders are deadlocked in bailout talks. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( Flying High on Fantasy Accounting : A troubling aspect of the exuberance for technology stocks is the degree to which companies promote financial results and measures that exclude the actual costs of doing business. Now it\'s given a boost to business sentiment. @ Yet Mr Son, or “Masa” as he is known, spotted a major weakness at the “big two”. @ Other Asian exchanges are following suit. Weekend Roundup: Is the West Abandoning Globalization? : And I can tell you with certainty that he does not represent our community. "', '2015-06-20': "Wait Lists Grow as Many More Veterans Seek Care and Funding Falls Far Short  : The number of veterans on waiting lists of one month or more is now 50 percent higher than it was during the height of last year’s problems. To Soften Image, Officers Patrol on Horned Beasts : “Being the guy on the buffalo makes me more approachable, making my job a little bit easier,” is how one officer in Marajó, Brazil, explained it. Uncertainty Mounting as Little Progress Is Seen in Albany on Rent Regulations : The Assembly and Senate have agreed to extend the existing law, which had expired, until next Tuesday, but the chambers seem to be far apart on a long-term resolution. Jeb Bush Has Hit a New Low : He's clearly not ready for prime time and is a lousy decision maker, too. Why did he show off his ignorance of foreign affairs at that foreign affairs luncheon? Unless he thought his Bush name absolved him of having to do research or prepare with consultants. Which means he's got as scary a sense of entitlement as his brother did. Considering that forty odd years ago China's equity markets were moribund, the benchmark is astonishing. We all hope that 2015's Pride will bring another great legal triumph. But in the end, Pride has, does, and will matter even more.", '2015-06-21': "Democrats Are Ceding Foreign Policy Too Early in the 2016 Election : There's a decent chance the 2016 presidential election will be about national security. If that's the case, recent spin by Democratic pundits may undercut former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's campaign before it has much of a chance to establish itself. How The Presidency Made Me A Better Father : People often ask me whether being President has made it more difficult to spend time with Michelle and our girls. A Smuggler&#8217;s Tale Fuels Concerns of a Hardening Migrant Policy in Australia : If the boat captain’s story is true, the incident may have violated Australian, Indonesian and international laws against smuggling, bribery and the treatment of asylum seekers. Cigna Rejects an Overture From Anthem : Anthem’s $47 billion takeover bid for Cigna comes as companies look to become even bigger to take advantage of the changes in the health insurance market. Overcoming the Fear of Failure: Boosting Small Business in China : Is fear of failure hindering Chinese entrepreneurship? A new initiative by the Chinese government suggests that cultural sensitivity to failure may be preventing some Chinese businessmen from launching their own companies.", '2015-06-22': "Heat Wave In Pakistan Hits Slums the Hardest : Unusually high temperatures, reaching up to 111 degrees led to the deaths of at least 260 people over three days, many in the port city of Karachi. The Road to Solvency : Even though 49 states mandate a balanced budget, either constitutionally or statutorily, there is no uniform definition of a balanced budget, and accounting trickery has allowed states to avoid paying for their future obligations. Silver, Unbowed by Charges, Adjusts to Life After the Speakership : Since being arrested and indicted on federal corruption charges, the former speaker of the New York State Assembly has seen his influence wane. The Cost of Moving to the 'Burbs' : One of the lasting inequities of gentrification is the increasing unaffordability of urban centers. A Guide for Female Entrepreneurs) : Feminists are given a bad wrap. When I was growing up, women who wanted to excel in the workforce were demonized as anti-family, bra burning egoists. The move has proven harder than expected.", '2015-06-23': 'Walker, Set for Bigger Stage, Faces Home Revolt  : Gov. Scott Walker has promised to bring what he called “big bold leadership” to Washington, as he did in Wisconsin, but he faces a cloud over that story line: Republicans back home are in revolt. The Eurostar train service shut down operations completely. " Calais has for years been a gathering place for migrants trying to find a way into the UK -- a part of the European Union but not part of the passport-free Schengen Area. They were reportedly protesting anticipated job losses on ferries. From Hunter to Hunted: 5 Attraction Marketing Strategies to Pull In More Prospects : What if instead of constantly calling on prospects to drum up business, you got prospects to come right to you? That is the longest losing streak since the five-month period from January to May last year. It thus demands an emergency response, using the technologies available now. The rankings are based on a survey of business schools as well as students who graduated in 2012. But how did the media see these events as they were happening? Now it is the opposition that has gained strength. Time\'s article "THE PRESIDENCY: What Will He Do the Next Four Years?" LIFE magazine\'s Larry Burrows photographed wounded Marine Gunnery Sgt. A South Vietnamese plane accidentally dropped napalm on its own troops and civilians. The rights are owned by Bill Gates through his company, Corbis.', '2015-06-24': 'U.S.-Saudi Relations Face Difficult Questions : Despite Washington\'s efforts to persuade its Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) allies that a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran would serve their long-term interests, most Gulf Arab monarchs remain far from sold. Home Storage Gold IRA - Is it Against IRS Regulations? : Banks traditionally hoard cash at the end of each quarter in order to prettify their quarterly financial statements and meet regulatory checks. @ But market participants say they do not expect a major squeeze this time around. This article will appear in the July 9 issue of The New York Review. @ This trend has now reached a point where instead of a global order we have to speak of global disorder. @ Saudi Arabia provided the seed money for ISIS and Iran instigated the Houthi rebellion in Yemen to retaliate against Saudi Arabia. I have never been the world’s biggest fan of Apple, so what I am about to say doesn’t come naturally. The market still has not recovered but is showing signs of picking up. Done wrong, there\'s pain for all involved. This could prompt a rally in the dollar against the euro. Very few Fed tightening cycles ended well." Portraits From Greece (Photograph by Eirini Vourloumis for the New York Times)', '2015-06-25': 'Judge Spares Drug Dealer Life in Prison  : Over prosecutors’ objections, a State Supreme Court justice in Manhattan agreed to sentence Angel Alvarez to 15 years in prison in exchange for Mr. Alvarez pleading guilty. United States government bond prices rose. The Federal Trade Commission had sued to block the deal in February. Benchmark United States crude fell 74 cents to settle at $60.27 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Source: Bloomberg); 5-Year Treasury Notes: High Yields at Auction. ( Prosecutors appear to be looking more closely at the company. Good Governance: Well-Meaning Slogan Or Desirable Development Goal? : Corruption last year cost the world more than one trillion dollars. The Beginner\'s Guide to Invoicing + Infographic : It can hurt your business, if the money is coming in late, or not coming in at all. As a state, we\'ve still got a lot of healing and talking to do. But now, the legislature needs to catch up and finish the job by taking down the flag. The dollar\'s impact isn\'t played out," he said. " As long as the job market remains healthy, that should spill over into healthier consumer spending."', '2015-06-26': 'Crying Foul on In-House S.E.C. Courts : The agency’s use of internal trials has raised questions about fairness because defendants may not have all the same rights they have in federal court. It could cause some volatility next week." Humana rose 7 percent, HCA Holdings rose 9 percent, Tenet Healthcare rose 12 percent, and Cigna rose 2 percent. United States government bond prices fell. Brent crude, a benchmark for international oils used by many United States refineries, fell 29 cents to $63.20 in London. Not only will giving enrich the lives of those around you, but you\'ll also be rewarded with a sense of fulfillment, charisma and high-performing employees. But according to a new survey by estate agent Knight Frank, it might have wider-reaching benefits — such as boosting local house prices. @ So should investors be rushing out to follow the next Michelin Guide? Last week, it completed fundraising that values the company at $45bn to $50bn. It also makes the cut as the fifth-biggest daily fall since 2000 (see table). A change that lets banks lend more could allow sunshine in. @ So credit has not necessarily been constrained by this policy alone. The announcement is meaningful all the same.', '2015-06-27': "Former Congressional Leaders React to SCOTUS Decision on ACA : One day after the Supreme Court's ruling upholding the Affordable Care Act, an Aspen Ideas Festival Spotlight Health panel of former politicians and administration officials agreed that a lot more work lies ahead -- in terms of further implementation, improving health care quality and especially the politics. Behind Khamenei's Recent Red Lines for a Nuclear Deal : A resolution to the nuclear crisis may lead to normalization of relations between Iran and the U.S. It is true that Iran seeks better relations with America to reduce threats to its survival, but the leadership harbors strong reservations about normal relations. MARRIAGE EQUALITY: It's a Beautiful Thing When Democracy Prevails : The LGBT community waged a brilliant strategic campaign and won a well-deserved victory in America this week. The bad news: We've also found some that will. But sorry (not sorry) because daydreaming about travel has never hurt anyone. Prohibitions Ease on Pyrotechnics : For the first time in more than a century, shoppers in New York can buy some types of fireworks, as the state joins a nationwide movement on relaxing restrictions. Does a Pistol Belong in Your Portfolio? : After the Charleston shooting, individual investors still hold shares in gun companies, which have seen a rise in sales and stock prices following similar tragedies.", '2015-06-28': 'P5+1 and Iran Have Settled Framework for Sanctions Relief Timing, Says Iranian Sources : Iranian officials have on numerous occasions insisted that sanctions relief must come immediately upon the signing of an agreement. Right now their lack of vision is bad for education, but in the long run, it\'s bad for the entire country. In dissent, Justice Scalia -- whose opinions increasingly read like he\'s shouting them from the Court\'s front porch at passersby -- accused the majority of "jiggery-pokery." The next day, the Court ruled 5-4 to make marriage legal nationwide for same sex couples. But amid the celebration there was also sadness, as Rev. Clementa Pinckney was laid to rest in Charleston... Read More. Maybe the title of his next book should be "How To Lose Friends and Deport People. " But there is a huge difference in the two rulings.4 Wishes For The Class of 2015 : I believe your generation will do a better job than mine at fixing the problem of gender inequality. You are the promise for a more equal world. Great leaders don\'t just develop people like them, they develop everyone. But the true test remains how well its products work.', '2015-06-29': "U.S. Support for Kurds in Syria Angers Turks : Ankara is said to be weighing options like setting up a buffer zone within Syria in an effort to contain the ambitions of the Kurds. But only if ethics can overcome aesthetics. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. Most states' first drug is a barbiturate anesthetic, like sodium thiopental or pentobarbital. But drug companies are increasingly reluctant to supply states with those. The Court's error was to conflate the two. JUST WATCHED'Death Row Stories' new season trailerReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCH'Death Row Stories' new season trailer 00:30Top Three Reasons NBC Fired Donald Trump : BC fired Donald Trump today. Last week Trump's Miss Universe pageant was dropped by Univision. The chic edge-to-edge jackets, Bermuda shorts and berets would probably look at home on the rails of Printemps or Galeries Lafayette. Such statistics should frighten, and the market is finally scared. Economic recovery has yet to materialise. @ It has returned a relatively paltry 11 per cent this year. But China is also a place where normal rules of thumb do not apply. Should China's investors be expected to cheer an interest rate cut or not? @", '2015-06-30': "Supreme Court's Affordable Care Act Ruling Will Help Close Racial Gaps in Health Care Coverage : The Supreme Court's decision in the King v. Burwell decision is a victory for the millions of Americans who need financial assistance to afford health insurance coverage. The costs imposed by the financial crises that hit western economies in 2007 have been enormous. They often come from people connected to banking. But they would complain, wouldn’t they?China’s premier, Li Keqiang, has criticised investment flows between the EU and China as “hardly satisfactory” and made a strong appeal for the early conclusion of a bilateral treaty that would give Chinese companies a smoother path to acquiring European counterparts. @ A host of other US allies quickly followed. The Shanghai Composite closed the day with a 5.5 per cent gain, having at one point been as much as 5.1 per cent lower. The swap is a sensible piece of financial engineering. In fact, the CCP is neither communist nor a party. Few Chinese believe it will abolish the market economy and lead the march to higher communism. The results are disastrous and clearly seen. My 17 year old self would be so happy right now. One of the Toughest States for New Jersey’s Governor to Win in 2016? And air quality poses an unacceptable global health risk.", '2015-07-01': 'China’s services sector will account for more than half the country’s economic growth by 2017, according to the World Bank, which expects the country’s transition from an industrial powerhouse to a consumption-based economy to be “orderly”. @ Last year GDP grew 7.4 per cent, the slowest rate of expansion since 1990. There had been no discernible reason for its sudden collapse. Here is an edited transcript of their conversation. @ Why do you believe the rate of innovation is accelerating? @ The magic of software is we can take something and figure it out and replicate it for very little cost. The kind of change we’ve had over the past 250 years, we’ll get more than that in the next 50 years. If you mention the words “Elizabeth Warren” on Wall Street, many bankers metaphorically foam at the mouth. The breakdown of negotiations on Greece has come as a shock. The stakes for the German government are high, both domestically and internationally. The risks from contagion have repeatedly been downplayed. Inequality takes many forms, and people are still waiting on their ability to live freely, safely, or, just to live. Advice to Add a Runway at Heathrow Is Clear. :', '2015-07-02': 'Luxury Restaurant Violated Labor Law With Service Fees, Attorney General Says : The restaurant described an operational charge for private dining events using terminology that the state attorney general said could lead customers to believe it was a tip for employees. Used wisely, it can make life simpler and easier to manage. Together, the two will have net written premiums worth over $30 billion and more than 31,000 employees around the world. " Low interest rates have made it more difficult for these companies to reap satisfactory returns from their capital. There is now literally no deal that cannot be contemplated." I would have done this in a hard environment," he said. He added, "If it\'s compelling, and it makes strategic sense, then it\'s great in all markets." Its business also encompasses reinsurance and life insurance. My organization is ready for something like this." They will own roughly 30 percent of the combined company. Sandy Hook, Charleston and How About Some Gun Control? : China is racing ahead with construction projects on reclaimed land in the South China Sea, new satellite images show, with at least two major projects now close to completion. @ However, the total number of donations may fall short of the 50,000 target the campaign had sought.', '2015-07-03': 'Pitfalls of Turkish-Chinese Relations in a Microcosm : Turkish soccer player Alpaslan Ozturk\'s decision to risk fame and wealth by expressing support for the embattled Turkic Uighur minority in Xinjiang reflects pressures in China\'s ties to Turkey, its most complex relationship in the Muslim world and a key node on the Silk Road that Beijing hopes to revive. Open Season on the Elites:  Bernie Sanders Is Leading the Charge : Democratic Presidential candidate Bernard Sanders is drawing overflow crowds. Some of his enthusiastic adherents seem to believe there is no God but Bernie Sanders. Is Bernie Sanders Too Radical for America? : The theory isn\'t completely batty, but it is way too easy to find egregious exceptions. He had lost some 40 pounds and was down so many sizes his father did not recognize him at first. He had become a soldier against all odds. Where did the argument for China A-shares go? This was throwing the kitchen sink at stocks. @ There are similar tales around the country. " They want to hire for permanent positions in areas like marketing, human resources and accounting." Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ; Binyamin Appelbaum contributed reporting. Photograph A Housing Construction Project in San Francisco.', '2015-07-04': 'Independence Day : We would do well to ponder the Greek democratic experience and its implications for our own democracy which has lasted 239 years thus far, but seems increasingly at odds with itself and unable to handle basic government challenges.10 Reasons You Should Care About D.C. Voting Rights : As a former D.C. resident who is now living fully represented in California, I am surprised by the indifference that exists to the plight of Washington\'s 658,893 residents who are heavily taxes yet have no voting representation in Congress. It seems maybe we have become too comfortable with this denial of liberty. A quarter of the country is unemployed, including half of its young people. The health budget has been cut by 40 percent. The question is will they shatter the spirit of the Greek people? Just as we value our independence, so do the Greeks, who, after all, invented democracy. People want consolidation for efficiency, which is what  (insurers) promote," said Hittner. " " CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story misstated Elizabeth Imholz\'s name.): The index has plunged 29 percent since hitting a peak of 5,166.35 on June 12. United States markets were closed in observance of Independence Day.', '2015-07-05': 'A Tough Beat for a Detective: Recruiting Black Police Officers  : A New York City detective is part of the Police Department’s efforts to increase the percentage of black officers in an era of criticism of the police. Greek Voters Decisively Reject a Bailout Deal : The Interior Ministry said that more than 60 percent of voters had said no to the deal in a vote that could redefine Greece’s place in Europe and shake the Continent’s financial stability. Doubling Down on Shark Conservation as Jaws Turns 40 : This Shark Week 2015 -- and on the 40th anniversary of Jaws -- let us reflect upon our growing appreciation for (and willingness to protect) these vulnerable species. Let us then dramatically scale our commitment to reverse the decline of these magnificent species on a global scale.', '2015-07-06': '5 Simple Home Office Changes, to Reduce Business Expenses : Running a business costs money, it\'s a clear and indisputable reality of being a business owner. In 2013, corporate profits were at their highest level in 85 years. That it\'s the best search engine in the world. The predicted problems with banks and vending machines never materialized. This was the country\'s turn to shine on the international stage. And it hit countries around the globe to varying extents. The hole in the budget grew too big to hide. The country\'s credit rating was downgraded, first by Fitch and then by Moody\'s. Unemployment rose, depressing government tax revenues. A new austerity plan was agreed upon as well. Both Greece and its creditors have pledged to renew talks, as they have so many times before. The Greek crisis in 2 minutesFollow @faithcnnYou Owe Me! : Think @CarliLloyd and the team have this covered.", Here\'s to fearless women chasing their goals. Basketball legend Kobe Bryant tweeted "Great Goal!!!" What\'s the Over on this USA ASSWHIPPIN\'?!!!— The doubling in China&rsquo s equity market since June 2014 has been not so much a market phenomenon as the Communist party&rsquo s party. As elsewhere, this has had markets salivating. Together, nuclear power, hydroelectricity and renewables contributed merely 14 per cent. ( That, the argument goes, would damage those on the other side of the trade, and cause large price swings in financial markets. @', '2015-07-07': 'Black Republican Sees Barriers Coming Down : Tim Scott of South Carolina, the first black Republican from the South elected to the U.S. Senate, seems determined to win respect among liberal senators and black Democrats. China’s military says it is moving to close loopholes in its financial regulations as part of a two-year crackdown on corruption that has snared more than 200 senior officers. @ Yes, Washington: Accepting American Exceptionalism : Alas! how dreary would be the world if America were not exceptional. It was a world that would quickly become a personal and professional passion. These days, if I\'m not on the water or under it, I\'m reading about it or researching it. "" To see that happening in my lifetime is really depressing. " After humble beginnings, the foundation\'s success has been staggering. " Nedimyer took me on a tour of the nursery in May. " Last year there was tremendous sunshine, low wind and day after day of that. " We took advantage of really bad conditions to find something that is going to survive. "\' That\'s already happening in two of the countries we\'ve been in for a while. I don\'t want to be the only one doing it.', '2015-07-08': 'Federal Election Commission Shows How To Disclose Data In A Digital Democracy : On Tuesday, the Department of Homeland Security showed how to deploy government technology poorly. But such rhetorical flourishes, along with repeated official pledges that Beijing has the power to maintain capital market stability, cut little ice. Stock price slumps, of course, are not new. Nevertheless, this rout is distinctive in three significant respects. @ Superficially, Taiwan looks stable, calm, even a little boring. Growth, while no longer spectacular, is chugging along at slightly more than 3 per cent a year and inflation is under control. @ Last year, the number of management consultants in the UK jumped by 12 per cent to about 38,000. But although the job title suggests experience and gravitas, the truth is anyone can call themselves a consultant. @ “ If you want to make a go of it, the most important thing is to figure out your proposition. Is it based on expertise, experience or both?” We are a small country, but we have a big history. Pride and dignity would swiftly disappear along with jobs and savings. @ But, if he really believes that, he is seriously misreading EU politics. If Greece needs to be punished to make that point, so be it. But intervening in this way is dangerous.', '2015-07-09': "Maine Gov. May Have Made A Huge Mistake... 19 Times : Maine Gov. Paul LePage (R) may have botched his state's veto process, allowing 19 bills he was trying to kill to become lawHow A Little Tech Glitch Took Down The NYSE For 3.5 Hours : And you thought the latest iPhone update was a hassle. As if a mirage, the “liberal Roberts court” narrative is fading. And it is a safe bet that after the next term, we won’t hear much about it at all. From Surge in Exports to Riots, Analysts Weigh Fallout if Greeks Exit Euro : Economists are considering what will happen if Greece cannot reach a deal with its creditors and is forced to introduce some new form of money. That helped drive copper down on the London Metal Exchange to its lowest level since 2009, at $5,293 a tonne. Their biggest effect so far has been on commodities. That was just above the 1.3 per cent pace predicted by forecasters. @ At first glance, banks should not be on the hook for falling stock prices. With each iteration, their measures have looked more desperate. @ They started with tried-and-tested ruses.", '2015-07-10': 'Background Check Missed Charleston Suspect : A loophole in the law and an F.B.I. error led to the sale of the gun used to kill nine people at a Charleston, S.C., church, the bureau said. Yellen Sees Fed Raising Rates in &#8217;15  : Ms. Yellen’s remarks are the latest indication that officials think the economy has shaken off a slow start to 2015 and will grow in spite of trouble abroad. Promising a referendum on Britain’s place in Europe was always a rash gamble — a tactical swerve blind to the strategic consequences. The rest of Europe does not want to see the Brits depart, but the EU would muddle on. For the UK, the choice has become existential. If Britain leaves Europe, Scotland will leave Britain. Mr Cameron’s government has lowered its sights accordingly. There is never a perfect time to announce you are virtually bankrupt. For Puerto Rico, however, this week was a better moment than most. But instead of sowing widespread fear, debt prices only wobbled. For Professor Krueger’s report highlights two important points. Thursday’s “rebound” in Chinese shares means nothing. Prohibiting selling, forcing buying, and halting half of the market has an effect. China has already deregulated drug prices to spur competition. It still needs to address corruption in that market. @ Outdated industries need competition from new entrants. The underlying drivers for a gradual acceleration in economic activity in advanced economies\u2009. In 2014 Mexico attracted 165 investments.', '2015-07-11': "Why CVS Quit Smoking : The pharmacy retailer that stopped selling cigarettes last year is also expanding its in-store clinics, a business well suited to the quickly evolving health care landscape. Not only is Greece in economic and financial shambles, but also Greece just proved it by defaulting on loans. Female Entrepreneur : Karen Quinones : I don't feel I have had any advantages being a Latin female in this business in fact the opposite, it's challenging to get respect in this business. I've been in business for nearly 25 years now and I still face obstacles. Obama Fears Nuclear Failure While Iran Seeks Political Opprtunism : When we analyze the negotiations and terms comprehensively, it becomes evident that the current terms being negotiated will not only keep Iran's nuclear infrastructure and threat primarily intact, but it will create a whole new regional security dilemma, geopolitical concerns, and nuclear arms race in the region.7 Questions to Ask Yourself Before Deciding to Retire : Few Americans save enough for retirement. Whether due to financial issues or a lack of foresight, a lot of people either don't give much thought to retirement or are unable to save up enough to help them fund their elder years. Stateless in the Dominican Republic : Tens of thousands of Dominicans of Haitian descent were rendered stateless by a 2013 court ruling. The government has failed to do right by them.", '2015-07-12': 'A Reddit Co-Founder Returns to Run a Forum Turned Angry : Steve Huffman, the new chief executive of Reddit, faces numerous challenges at the online message board. That includes not repeating the stumbles of previous leaders like Ellen Pao, who stepped down from Reddit on Friday. Will the New Jersey Lotto Help Student Loan Borrowers? : For some graduates, paying off their student debt just became a gamble. New Jersey Assemblyman John Burzichelli recently proposed a student loan debt lottery. The last thing they can afford is to waste any of these, but in my mentoring and coaching activities, I see it happening all too often. Angela Merkel Facing Criticism Over Handling of Greek Crisis : BERLIN—Europe’s standoff with Greece has thrown German Chancellor Angela Merkel into one of the deepest domestic politicalThe Crisis Is About The Euro, Not Just Greece : The underlying question raised by the Greek financial crisis has been largely ignored, which is whether Greek adoption of the euro -- or even the creation of the Eurozone at all -- was a bad idea to begin with, and one that will not get better with time. This is the question that Germany must fear.', '2015-07-13': 'At a press conference after the all-night talks the German chancellor said the deal was worth €86-87bn over three years. She added that trust with Greece “needed to be rebuilt.” @ Omsk is in southern Russia, just north of Kazakhstan. Read MoreThe collapse took place shortly before 8 p.m. on Sunday, the agency reported. He chose the latter -- slow pain rather than utter disaster. The predicted problems with banks and vending machines never materialized. And yet for Greece, it seems now to have all fallen flat. but says nothing as the Olympics approach. It hit countries around the globe to varying extents. The hole in the budget grew too big to hide. JUST WATCHEDGreece unemployment gets even worse. A new austerity plan was agreed to as well. Capital controls were introduced, limiting the amount of money people could withdraw each day. The country will not fall out of the euro. Bank of America Merrill Lynch said the concentration of inflows into locally listed A-share ETFs “signal market support measures rather than private sector demand”. Huawei would not disclose the value of the acquisition. What Does The Future Hold For Joe Biden? : Today there are more than 2,000 peer-to-peer lenders in China.', '2015-07-14': 'This Needle-Free Ebola Vaccine Could Change Everything : Scientists have announced the creation of an aerosolized vaccine capable of fully protecting rhesus macaques, a species ofVatican Says It Views Iran Deal In A \'Positive Light\' : World powers announced on Tuesday that an agreement\xa0had been reached with Iran to limit the country’s nuclear activity -- andAs the headlines earlier this week told you, the US coal industry scored a win at the Supreme Court. However, that success has come with costs. Ford acknowledged this in his first State of the Union address. Supporters agreed with Ford that his predecessor had indeed "suffered enough." At times, Americans were waiting in line for hours to fill their gas tanks. Part of that concern, he inevitably learned, involved the President himself. Standing to Carter\'s right is his wife, Rosalynn, and their daughter, Amy. Government cannot solve our problems," he said. Carter was recognized for his diplomatic achievements and humanitarian efforts. The speech was broadcast live and uncensored on Cuban state television. Carter teaches Sunday School at the church several times a year. But some argue that China’s latest bout of stock market turmoil — and Beijing’s panicked response — has provided an unexpected boon to Hong Kong, highlighting the open nature of its financial markets and its more robust regulatory system. @ “ She bought more shares later that month. @', '2015-07-15': 'Unscathed as War Games Begin, Texans Keep Watch, &#8216;Just in Case&#8217; : Jade Helm 15, a seven-state training exercise that the Army and local officials say is no cause for alarm, has generated paranoia for months, fueled by conservative bloggers. It was the fourth straight gain for the broader index. The Nasdaq climbed 33.38 points, or 0.7 percent, to 5,104.89. But the reversal was much sharper than projected. " So earnings often beat the predictions of Wall Street analysts. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Retail Sales: Total Retail and Food Services Sales, Seasonally Adjusted. (: They will need some investments and technology." It is already a major supplier to China, India, Japan, South Korea and Turkey. For oil giants, the payoff, and the potential problems, are even greater. The Iran oil industry is in a state of disarray. Oil experts said verification could mean months of delays. Credit: CLIFFORD KRAUSS; Stanley Reed contributed reporting from London and David Jolly from Paris. Photograph An Oil Refinery South of Tehran. The southeast Asian country ranked number one in a study by fDi Intelligence, an FT data division, which looked at inbound greenfield investment since 2003 relative to the size of each country’s economy. The company requested they be halted and they haven\'t changed hands since. @ This thesis has been popular for some time. This can make for interesting M&A opportunities.', '2015-07-16': "Washington has delayed highway funds so long even red states are raising gas taxes. Nancy Pelosi Announces 'Strong Support' For Obama On Iran Deal : Congress will review the nuclear agreement over the next two months. If we don’t choose wisely, I believe future generations will judge us harshly,” Mr Obama said. At the end of May 2015, the OECD published data on the first quarter’s exports and imports of leading trading nations, including those for Brics. They have joined the export financing game. For reference: US export financing lies well below $50bn.) India, by contrast, establishes funds for specified trading partners which can be drawn down if purchases of Indian products are made. The internet era has not been kind to newspaper publishers. And with that hope comes the very source of so many of its woes: Silicon Valley. No matter how much China’s growth might slow or its stocks stumble, the country’s consumers will not stop washing their clothes or eating cup noodles anytime soon. @ But almost as soon as the sentence is uttered, the bankers quickly add that, this time, the outcome “will be different”. @ In many ways, the inputs are different, too. Washington has delayed highway funds so long even red states are raising gas taxes.", '2015-07-17': "The back of an iPhone proclaims that it is “designed in California, made in China”. Late on Wednesday China Eastern Airlines @ issued an alert that first-half profit would rise to $575m. Last year there was barely any profit at all. The move could lead to Greek lenders reopening after being shuttered for nearly three weeks. “ The ECB continues to act on the assumption that Greece is and will remain a member of the euro area,” Mr Draghi said. China Securities Finance Corp was established in 2011 to lend to securities brokerages and support margin lending to stock investors. But today's revelations indicate that state support for the stock market is much larger than previously disclosed. Google’s new chief financial officer on Thursday promised to bring greater discipline to the company’s cost controls, as well as to its ballooning capital spending on its most ambitious “moonshot” projects. @ In addition to literally being a bigger, taller man than his predecessors and peers, the moniker enhances his aura as a strong leader. @ Even Barack Obama seemed to endorse this view during a December address to business leaders.", '2015-07-18': ': Members of both parties have praised the “people person” approach of Ms. Brown, who replaced the reserved John Kitzhaber, a fellow Democrat, after he resigned near the start of his fourth term. Petition Drive Threatens to Undo Nebraska Legislature&#8217;s Death Penalty Repeal : The State Legislature voted resoundingly to end capital punishment and overrode Gov. Pete Ricketts’s veto. Proponents of the death penalty, with funding from Governor Ricketts and his father, are fighting back. No Hero, Trump Says of McCain, Stirring Outrage : In Iowa, Mr. Trump disparaged Mr. McCain’s Vietnam War record, saying: “He’s not a war hero. ” Both views are overreactions, since the deal itself is quite limited in scope, and the impact of 35 years of history and politics cannot easily be erased. The Conversation on U.S. Prisons We Should Be Having : This week, President Obama has put a much-needed spotlight on the vicious cycle of mass incarceration. Members of both parties have praised the “people person” approach of Ms. Brown, who replaced the reserved John Kitzhaber, a fellow Democrat, after he resigned near the start of his fourth term.', '2015-07-19': "The Long, Strange Trip to Pluto, and How NASA Nearly Missed It : The flyby of Pluto was a triumph of human ingenuity and the capstone of a mission that unfolded nearly flawlessly. A Hint: His Name Is Donald)  : Donald Trump’s latest fit of pique, about Senator John McCain’s reputation as a war hero, exposed the biggest vulnerability of Mr. Trump’s campaign for president. Apple Waits as App Developers Study Who&#8217;s Buying Its Watch : Facebook and other companies have struggled with how wearers of the device could have a good experience with their apps tailored to a small screen. Here's Why The College Admissions Process Is Bonkers : Yes, California has a financial crisis. But why are we taking it out on California's students? Denying them the opportunity to attend their state university? Forcing them to attend colleges out of state and pay higher tuition when we, the residents, are paying taxes to support 'our' university system?Humanizing Hiring : What if computers did your hiring? Or is that where we're headed if we forget about humanizing hiring?", '2015-07-20': "Automating Good Behavior : It may not sound glamorous, but incrementally ferreting out and canceling unnecessary charges on your credit card bills and transferring those amounts to savings can add up. As U.S. and Cuba Relations Warm, Property Claims Issue Is Revived : The issue is made more difficult by the more than 50 years that have passed since Fidel Castro came to power and began confiscating land and businesses in the name of the revolution. Republicans Weren't Always Above Attacking A Veteran's War Record : GOP officials encouraged efforts to sink John Kerry's 2004 presidential bid. Gold abruptly dropped through $1,100 an ounce for the first time since March 2010 and is lining up for its second-longest losing streak of the year. @ China ended years of speculation about its official gold holdings by revealing an almost 60 per cent jump in its reserves since 2009. @ The country’s central bank said its gold reserves were 1,658 tonnes (53.31m fine troy ounces) as of the end of June. In April 2009, reserves were 1,054 tonnes. @ Diplomats are making more progress than they have formally disclosed in public, although many important differences remain. These include costs, legality and timing of the deal due to be signed in Paris in December, the five-page paper seen by the Financial Times shows. That means that any final accord could still be too weak to slow global warming. @", '2015-07-21': 'U.S. Capitol Flags Lowered In Memory Of Chattanooga Shooting Victims : A Navy sailor and four Marines were killed in the shooting last week. Republicans Are Upset That Martin O\'Malley Cited Actual Science On Climate Change And Conflict : The candidate links climate change to Syrian conflict. " The company trades on the Nasdaq stock market under the ticker "PYPL." The move, prompted in part by investor pressure, separates PayPal from eBay. The mission, according to the company\'s chief executive, Dan Schulman, is to expand PayPal beyond simply processing payments online into providing a range of services for both retailers and consumers. " Part of that strategy will inevitably encompass buying new technologies. That allows us the ability to look across a very dynamic payments industry and look for companies with unique capabilities," he said. Having that dialogue with our investors has been incredibly helpful." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Revenues for the first half of 2015 at the privately held company grew 30 per cent from the same period a year ago — the highest recorded rate of expansion for the period since Huawei began reporting half-year revenue in 2011. The company gave no details on what factors were behind the growth. This is not surprising in view of the pronounced tendency for economies to revert to their mean long-run growth rates over time. A cyclical downturn has been built on top of a secular one.', '2015-07-22': 'Titans Clash as Trump&#8217;s Run Fuels His Feud With Murdoch : Donald J. Trump holds the lead in Republican polls, but he has already lost the man who controls many of the nation’s most important news outlets. Bipartisan Debate Falters Over Removal of Confederate Battle Flag From Federal Land : House Democrats are trying to leverage the issue to push new voting rights legislation, forcing Republican leaders to address an issue they had hoped to avoid heading into the 2016 elections. He also faces up to five years in prison. The runway was dead ahead, 5 miles away and 1,700 feet down. And that, the board said, is against the rules. The market stayed in the red the rest of the day. There are people who are taking some gains out there and waiting a little while to see what happens with Greece, what happens with China, what happens with the Fed." Precious and industrial metals futures ended mixed. The company said it was prepared to defend itself in court. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Nasdaq Minute by Minute: Position of the Nasdaq Composite Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( The Mayor&#8217;s Honest, but Is That Enough to Halt the Eternal City&#8217;s Decline? :', '2015-07-23': 'North Dakota \'Heartbeat\' Abortion Ban Blocked By Court : A U.S. appeals court on Wednesday permanently blocked a North Dakota law that banned most abortions once a fetal heartbeatJustice Department Watchdog Complains He\'s Being Blocked : The Justice Department’s internal watchdog said Thursday that his independence has been undermined by the department’s refusalAsian Game Makers See Opportunity in U.S.  : In the last year, large Chinese and Japanese companies, including Tencent and Sega, have pumped tens of millions of dollars into American mobile gaming firms. The letter dates from November 1986 when Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was in power. " CNN\'s Andrew Carey and Hannah Calder contributed to this report. All equity markets are prone to boom and bust cycles. That would trigger an automatic 19 percent cut in benefits, unless Congress acts. Financial and utilities stocks were among the big gainers. Microsoft\'s slide was more pronounced at 3.7 percent. It probably tells us more about Apple," he said. The average estimate from Zacks Investment Research was $1.33 a share. In a light week of economic news, the market got encouraging data on the housing market. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Slovakia caught up with its eastern European rivals and joined the EU on time in 2004. Everything connected to commodities, including a large chunk of emerging markets, looks atrocious.', '2015-07-24': 'Deal on Uber Strains Ties for de Blasio and Close Ally : After Mayor Bill de Blasio backed away from his vow to halt the growth of the car-hailing service Uber, Melissa Mark-Viverito, the City Council speaker, delivered a searing rebuke to the mayor. Bernie Sanders\' Appeal Has Doubled Among Americans Since March : Although, to be fair, his "unfavorable" ratings have MORE than doubled. In the 12 months to its peak on June 12, the Shanghai Composite index rose more than 130 per cent. Heroin and gold coming into India, and ginseng going to Myanmar.” @ Mr Tanaka and seven other executives took responsibility for deceptions that started in 2008. But foreign investors should not give up and go home. He did so despite strong objection from many voters, hundreds of thousands of whom poured on to the streets in protest. As in his grandfather’s day, there were noisy demonstrations outside parliament and commotion inside. The vote was passed after the opposition walked out of the chamber. Mr Kita remains chairman and chief executive of the larger Nikkei group. The Chinese government plays a significant role. ” Most likely, the stock market will be stabilized before long. @ Senate Inches Forward On Highway Bill As Time Runs Out : Transportation projects will grind to a halt if Congress doesn\'t act. \'', '2015-07-25': 'Candidates Caught in Middle as Words Ring Hollow to Activists  : Presidential candidates are struggling with the demands of activists who see the hopefuls falling short on concrete plans to address issues like race, poverty and immigration. New 2016 GOP Presidential Candidate Remains an Unsolved Mystery : Exactly one week ago, the GOP field for the 2016 presidential nomination expanded to 18 -- maybe. In fact, we don\'t know much about this possible 18th GOP contender beyond his name, a few unconfirmed biographical details, and the several policy positions he outlined in a lengthy but surprisingly focused YouTube video. Populist Push Worries Red State Democrats : Centrist Democrats were wiped out in the 2014 elections and in their absence emerged a resurgent liberal movement, embodiedSpy&#8217;s Release Is Unlikely to Assuage Israel on Iran : Attempts in Washington to highlight the likely parole of Jonathan J. Pollard in hopes of quieting a campaign against the Iran deal could provoke a backlash, analysts say. Hezbollah Leader Says Iran Will Keep Up Support After Nuke Deal : "The United States is the Great Satan before and after the deal."', '2015-07-26': 'People With Disabilities Are Twice As Likely To Be Poor. These Businesses Are Fighting That Stat : The staggering unemployment and poverty rates among people with disabilities is a reminder of how much work still needs toFiat Chrysler To Be Hit With Record $105 Million Fine Over Safety Recalls : Millions of vehicles from the automaker are to be recalled. Loretta Lynch: Sandra Bland Case Highlights \'Frustration\' With Police : The U.S. attorney general calls for a re-evaluation of police tactics. The execution, scheduled for 7:30 p.m., never took place. JUST WATCHEDWould he kill for a getaway car?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWould he kill for a getaway car? No one was able to administer the only legally available lethal chemicals. The case eventually led to the state\'s current moratorium on all capital punishment. It begins with extensive jury selection for capital crime cases. Politicians get to say, \'We have the death penalty, look at all the people we have on death row,\' but the delays allow them to spare the public from the gruesome act of an execution," Mitchell said. Statewide support for capital punishment has been steadily declining. That is, of course, if four out of seven state Supreme Court justices agree with him. People With Disabilities Are Twice As Likely To Be Poor.', '2015-07-27': 'NYT Public Editor: Debunked Clinton Story \'Messy And Regrettable\' : The story certainly seemed like a blockbuster: A criminal investigation of Hillary Rodham Clinton by the Justice DepartmentArkansas Governor Loses Website To Angry Reddit User : The redditor said he was unhappy with the governor\'s anti-gay track record. American Jewish Leaders Dismayed By Mike Huckabee’s Iran Deal Remarks : "Oppose the policy but don\'t use this tragedy as a vehicle for doing so. " Researchers Discover Major Android Security Flaw, Many Phones At Risk : Android is the most popular mobile operating system on Earth:\xa0About 80 percent of smartphones run on it. The decline was the industry’s first since early 2013. @ It will be quite challenging for carmakers because the market is cooling and the trend will not be reversed anytime soon,” said Teng Bingsheng, a professor at the Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in Beijing. Pearson is in negotiations to sell its 50 per cent stake in the Economist Group, publisher of the Economist magazine, to other shareholders in the group including the investment vehicle of Italy’s Agnelli family. @ also reflecting Exor’s strong commitment to the editorial independence that lies at the heart of the Economist’s ethos and success.” They had risen 0.6 per cent year-on-year in May and 2.6 per cent in April. Start-ups will drive a significant share of UK GDP growth.', '2015-07-28': 'Lord Sewel quits UK parliament, apologizes for scandal - CNN : Lord Sewel quits parliament, apologizes for \'pain and embarrassment\' : Story highlights"I want to apologize for the pain and embarrassment I have caused," Lord Sewel says in statementHe announces he has terminated his membership of the UK\'s House of LordsA video released over the weekend allegedly showed him taking drugs with prostitutes (CNN)Scandal-hit British lawmaker Lord Sewel has stepped down from parliament and apologized for "the pain and embarrassment" he has caused, according to a statement Tuesday. CNN has not been able to reach Sewel directly for comment. London\'s Metropolitan Police Service said Monday that it had launched an investigation. CNN\'s Elaine Ly and Max Foster contributed to this report. Global economic growth concerns remain the main focus for investors. The market appears split between those who think it will happen in September or December. Source: Bloomberg); 3-Month Treasury Bills: High Rate at Weekly Auction. ( Amid shock that Pearson’s 58-year ownership of the FT is coming to an end, and pointed questions about how Nikkei will treat its new asset, the £844m price tag drew some gasps. @ But maintaining such an aura comes at a cost. This is a dilemma they should never have needed to face. The stock fell 15 per cent (albeit in a falling market). @ The deal will increase Gome’s footprint by half. It is a relationship promising the west the growth', '2015-07-29': "To Save Bees, Some States Take Aim At Pesticides : Advocates hope they can stem future colony losses by addressing pesticide use and protecting habitats. A dose of corporate earnings gains helped drive the advance. Shares of UPS were up more than 5 percent. The results topped Wall Street's expectations. The average estimate of 12 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for $1.26 a share. Global markets were a little less stressed on Tuesday. United States government bond prices fell. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( The rocket was intended to provide suborbital near-space flights through an arm of Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Group. It was the third consecutive month of improvement. @ From the statement:This was not supposed to happen. Yesterday they struggled to stay flat after opening sharply down again. @ Buying has been augmented by government funds. Investors are clearly still twitchy despite China’s protestations that it will stand behind markets. @ Emerging market investors might count themselves lucky. EM fund managers have plenty of bad news to contend with already. It already accepts the dollar, sterling, euro and yen. But an announcement last week shattered that illusion.", '2015-07-30': 'Hillary Clinton Voices Support For $12 Minimum Wage, But Balks At $15 : Her hesitance on $15 may displease progressives -- but it will relieve businesses that are getting bowled over by minimum wage campaigns. It leaves the door wide open to a September liftoff, but still retains the optionality to delay hiking if the jobs reports disappoint between now and mid-September." The Fed\'s policy committee next meets Sept. 16 and 17. The relative strength of the American economy also has increased the value of the dollar, weighing on exports. It is based in San Mateo, Calif., not New York. Photograph The Fed Chairwoman, Janet L. Yellen, Second From Left, and the Board of Governors at a Recent Meeting in Washington. ( The company also raised its 2015 forecasts. Medicare Was Born 50 Years Ago, And It\'s Still Under Attack : Conservatives are still trying to undermine the program\'s core guarantee. But even detractors concede her appetite for new thinking. The case for reforming shareholder capitalism is strong. The level of US investment is at its lowest since 1947. But although Mr Ai was abducted and detained, interrogated and intimidated by Chinese security agents without charge for nearly three months in 2011, he has never been charged or convicted of a crime in China. We have a requirement concerning speculative reports,” said the China Securities Regulatory Commission. “', '2015-07-31': 'Ebola Vaccine Tested During Outbreak in Guinea Shows Promise, Report Says : The report, published in the British medical journal The Lancet, indicated that the vaccine “might be safe and highly efficacious in preventing Ebola virus disease. ” But for consumers, the effect is quite different from what the headlines suggest. The world has finally woken up to the magnitude of what is happening in China. Nor are foreign investors much exposed to Chinese equities. In any case, most investors are in the money. The market more than doubled in the 18 months before it peaked in mid-June. Only the latest of latecomers have seen their investments slide. Aparadox lurks in the foundations of the eurozone. Governments in the monetary union lack a central bank that has their back, while the central bank lacks a government to support it. @ This paradox cannot be eliminated without fundamental institutional changes. But there are steps member states can take to ameliorate some of its negative effects. The alliance’s Baltic Air Policing mission has conducted 120 of those scrambles. Investors were not impressed, and major stock market averages moved little. " About 15 percent of growth is from trade, so without that, it\'s hard to get a growth rate of 3 percent or better." Chart Real Economic Growth: Annual Rate of Change in the Gross Domestic Product, Based On Quarterly Figures Adjusted for Inflation and Seasonal Fluctuations. (', '2015-08-01': 'Nearing Death, Beau Biden Told His Dad To Run For President: Report : WASHINGTON — A PATTERN of cutting corners, a patina of entitlement and inevitability, has led to this. Palestinian Teen Killed Amid Protests Against Arson Attack : Tensions are boiling after a sleeping toddler was burned to death in the West Bank. Europe Sees Ripe Market in Iran, Once Sanctions Go : The rush to restart trade with Iran could make it more complicated to renew sanctions if the nuclear deal brokered by the United States falls apart. Looting Turns Deadly In Venezuela Amid Severe Food Shortages : "The farther you get from the capital, the worse the economic situation is. " A Wealthy Few Lead in Giving to Campaigns : Presidential candidates have grown deeply dependent on the contributions of a tiny slice of the richest Americans as “super PACs” have raised money much more quickly than hopefuls could have on their own. Research Scientists to Share Data on Network Many Times Faster Than Internet : The Pacific Research Platform will allow West Coast universities to connect on a high-speed network tens or hundreds of times faster than is typical now. Policing Plan in Cincinnati Goes Astray : The shooting of Mr. DuBose, a black man, has prompted officials to reconsider a policy that allowed a university force to patrol an area far more complex than its campus.', '2015-08-02': "Caitlyn Jenner's Conservative Views Create Tension On 'I Am Cait' : Jenner's views on social programs don't go over so well with her friends. Having relocated to a bigger house in a smaller community in 2014, I have not found it difficult to find employment. Kudos to local employers for respecting the skillset offered by a job candidate with a lengthy resume. The challenge for me has been finding a place where I fit and feel validated. Democrats See 'Firewall' Holding To Preserve Iran Deal : House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi feels good about sustaining a presidential veto. Kurdish Militant Strike on Turkish Military Police Station Kills 2 Soldiers  : About 30 others were wounded after Kurdish militants rammed a tractor loaded with explosives into a military police station in eastern Turkey, the local authorities said.9 Injured in Shooting at Brooklyn Party, Ending Period of Calm in the City  : The violence came after a week of relative calm in New York in which shootings were sharply down in some precincts compared with the same period last year. Investing in Parks, Hogwarts and All : After Comcast bought NBCUniversal four years ago, it surprised some by not only hanging onto the company’s theme parks, but investing heavily in their expansion.", '2015-08-03': 'Bush Campaign Sees Upside to Trump’s Surge in the G.O.P. : Strategists for Jeb Bush believe that Donald J. Trump is drawing support from voters who are unlikely to support Mr. Bush but are essential to Scott Walker. Florence And The Machine Electrifies At Lollapalooza, Lightning Storm And All : Florence Welch brought boundless euphoria to the Chicago stage before the lightning storm "won. " 6 Ways To Be Happier At Work : Your commute home is agony. ( It will also use characters from the blockbuster movies "Star  Wars," "Toy Story," "Avengers" and "Frozen. " He was President Barack Obama\'s green jobs adviser in 2009. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author. ( Unfortunately, you would never know that -- if you listened to all the big polluters screaming bloody murder about it. But each state gets to decide how best to do that. The EPA estimates consumers will save $8 per month. The clean power plan will massively help minorities and low-income Americans. After all, one in six black kids and one in nine Latino children has asthma. The levels of fines is up 280 per cent on the previous year. But that could turn out to be a costly mistake. @ The problem has been getting worse for some time. Now it seems the world cannot manage even that.', '2015-08-04': 'Chinese shares briefly dipped into negative territory early in the session, but recovered and moved steadily higher from mid-morning, with the Shanghai Composite closing 3.7 per cent higher to 3,756.5 and the Shenzhen Composite rising 3.8 per cent to 2,151 as the country\'s two main stock exchanges and one of its biggest brokers pledged to limit short selling activity. @ The Institute of Purchasing Managers\' manufacturing index slipped to 52.7 from 53.5 in June. Economists had expected the index to remain unchanged. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph A Trader at the New York Stock Exchange On Monday, When Oil Prices Again Plunged. (: The insurer also paid out $88 million more in catastrophe losses. This summer the first tremors have already been felt. @ Will the world’s second-biggest economy shift to a course that will sustain not only its own growth but also global prosperity as a whole? An analogous journey for the SDR looks unlikely. Well that took longer than it should have. It should have started the process years ago. Freed of that risk, the shares might have performed much better. But this argument was always a red herring. The locusts ate it all, from the leaves to the cobs." Jon Stewart\'s Farewell To Fox News: ‘Adios, Motherf**kers!\' : “', '2015-08-05': "Slowing car sales in China and other emerging markets could help customers in the US obtain discounts at their local dealership. @ The strong dollar is creating attractive market conditions. Every manufacturer wants a piece of the cake. ” The Caixin/Markit services purchasing managers' index jumped to 53.8 last month from a reading of 51.8 in June. Donald Trump and Jeremy Corbyn should get together. They are seriously destabilising their respective parties. And they have more in common than either would care to admit. @ The billionaire Mr Trump has leapt to the front of the GOP’s 16-candidate primary race for next year’s election for the White House. This for a candidate whose reactionary xenophobia can make the Tea Party sound liberal. On planet Trump, immigrants from Latin America and Mexico are rapists, criminals and drug-dealers, Senator John McCain is not a war hero because he was captured by the Vietnamese, same-sex marriage and abortion are anathema, China is an enemy and climate change a hoax. @ Investors are asking themselves a question that until recently had never been up for debate: how “liquid” are US Treasuries? @ Obama Administration Rails Against GOP Bill To Deregulate Wall Street : Obama's budget director plants a flag against bank-friendly funding plan.: United States stocks fell for a third straight day Tuesday as investors assessed some disappointing earnings reports.", '2015-08-06': 'IBM Adds u2018Eyesu2019 to Watson to Aid Medical Diagnosis : The company is investing not only money but also some of its corporate reputation on the belief that it can be a technological leader in improving health care. Chen Zhimin, the deputy minister of public security, revealed a plan to set up “network security offices” in major internet groups — such as TencentPayday Lender Blocked Access To Customer Accounts, Lawsuit Claims : Borrowers were unable to see how much they still owed, the suit says. Ricci’s revisions were made on woodcuts and paper. The major averages came off session lows in the close. The market continues to get weaker, not  stronger." If support breaks there\'s no question on my mind  (that we get a correction)." He noted hawkish comments from policymakers balanced by "the continued selloff in commodity prices." " Really we\'re following a seasonal pattern." CNBC\'s Peter Schacknow and Jenny Cosgrave contributed  to this report. Sometimes this is justified: airline pilots need licences. Americans Are Flipping The Switch On Fossil Fuels.', '2015-08-07': "A well-known fund manager who foresaw the Japanese crash, the dotcom bubble and the global financial crisis has predicted that markets will be “ripe for a major decline” some time in 2016, potentially triggering government bankruptcies. @ For sale: two Mistral-class helicopter carriers worth €1.2bn. France this week extricated itself from one of its trickier diplomatic binds after it finally agreed to break a contract with Russia over the sale of two 21,000 tonne warships. Now it is facing a new dilemma: what to do with them? @ China has moved to shore up financing guarantees for small businesses and the rural sector in an acknowledgment of their importance to the economy. @ The uncertainty torturing the family members of the passengers aboard Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 persists even after embattled Malaysian prime minister Najib Razak confirmed a piece of wreckage had been found. @ Steady Job Growth Is Still Not Boosting Workers' Pay, New Numbers Show : Wages barely budged in July's jobs report -- but the Fed still seems poised to raise interest rates. Fox Hosted The Most-Watched Presidential Primary Debate In History : The GOP primary debate nabbed a higher rating than both the Women’s World Cup final and NBA Finals. EPA Accidentally Spills Millions Of Gallons Of Waste, Turning River Orange : Oops. A federal cleanup crew intended to treat the water.", '2015-08-08': ': \xa0 The American economy delivered pretty much what was expected last month in terms of hiring, giving the Federal Reserve one more piece of evidence that conditions are strong enough to support an increase in the interest rate. While not as robust as the gains recorded in May and June, Friday\'s Labor Department report came in within 10,000 jobs of what forecasters had predicted, a notable feat of consistency in an economy that employs nearly 150 million people. The unemployment rate was unchanged at 5.3 percent. Investors are looking beyond the first rate hike to where rates will be two, three or four years down the road." The strongest areas for hiring included health care, retailing and professional and business services. Workers earn $15 to $25 an hour and receive a generous benefits package. Over all, the tone was slightly better than expected. At this stage, the Federal Reserve is looking for confirmation. The data is just consistent with broad-based economic growth." Photograph Workers at the World Trade Center Path Station. ( Among individual stocks, American Express was a big mover. In currency trading, the dollar fell against the euro and the yen. The slump in crude helped push energy stocks lower again. This point is used as a common excuse to overlook mature applicants in favor of their younger counterparts. Which countries are more likely to rekindle business and gain more? What will be the Iranian leaders invest in the most?', '2015-08-09': 'Bush Coaxes Warmth From Unlikely Crowd  : Jeb Bush may not have converted every skeptic at the RedState Gathering, but he persuaded more than a few to give him a second look. Trump Remains Defiant on News Programs Amid G.O.P. Backlash : In phone interviews with four Sunday programs, Donald J. Trump suggested that he had been singled out for attacks by the hosts of Thursday’s Republican presidential debate. GOP leaders say erratic attacks hurt Trump, but he vows to fight and win : Republican leaders who have watched Donald Trump’s summer surge with alarm now believe that his presidential candidacy hasWhy I\'ll Miss Jon Stewart : Jon Stewart had a tremendous impact on the world and has launched the careers of many notable comedians such as Stephen Colbert, Jon Oliver, and Steve Carell. For now, we can watch Last Week Tonight and watch clips from The Daily Show on YouTube until it sinks in that Jon Stewart is not coming back. Trump has lost someone I never thought he had -- a political consultant. At any rate, Trump was absolutely correct to find new advisers. Apparently the old ones gave him the horrible advice to "just be yourself."', '2015-08-10': 'Gun Battle Erupts Outside U.S. Consulate in Istanbul : The attack was one of several violent episodes across the country, which some attributed to an uptick in clashes between Turkish security forces and Kurdish militants. The question of what constitutes an emerging market has haunted me for decades. But gross domestic product is simply a “wealth” statistic. A country with $12,999 in GDP per capita is very different from one with $1,500. @ Many of my peers get far better grades, which led to higher bonuses and early promotions. Should I stay, and be mediocre, or go to a less prestigious firm where @ I could do better than my peers? Fifty years ago, Malaysia expelled Singapore from the federation and the two entities went their separate ways. Half a century later, it should be Malaysians who are crying. @ Yet whatever difficulties Singapore faces, these pale in comparison with those of Malaysia. At the close, the Shanghai Composite was up 4.9 per cent to 3,928.42. Uninsured Rate Down Way More In States That Embraced Obamacare : Obamacare is really good at getting health insurance to people -- if their states\' leaders let it. Bernie Sanders Nabs Endorsement From National Nurses\' Union : National Nurses United gets behind Clinton\'s top challenger. "', '2015-08-11': 'NYPD Union Responds To Calls For Reform By Shaming The Homeless : Memo calls officials fighting for police accountability "inept and spineless. " Our Extinction Problem May Be Far, Far Worse Than We Think : New research suggests that 130,000 species are gone forever. Just days after unveiling plans to build a $5bn factory in western India, Taiwanese electronics maker @ Foxconn yesterday underlined the scale of its Indian ambitions by signing a tie-up to assemble smartphones for China’s @ Xiaomi at a second recently opened facility in the south of the country. As the period of ultra-loose monetary policy in the developed world inches to a close, a paradox calls for explanation. By contrast financial institutions have been fearless in propelling markets ever higher. @ But the prosecutors warned that no conclusion could yet be drawn that the discovered parts have a causal connection to the MH17 crash. JUST WATCHEDWhat could have brought down MH17?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat could have brought down MH17? The criminal probe is expected to produce a report by the end of the year, while the safety board\'s report is due in October. Before Tuesday the biggest shift this year had been a 0.16 per cent adjustment. When all else fails, weaken the currency. @ To say gold has underwhelmed investors in the past couple of years is an understatement. Indeed, positioning reports point to large shorts. Only select stores and restaurants were permitted to accept them. @', '2015-08-12': 'Racial Disparities In McKinney, Texas, Extend Well Beyond Pool Parties : Police ticket and arrest African-American students at much higher rates than whites, a new report shows. It is now up to us to continue those efforts. " Economists had anticipated a pace of 6.6 per cent. @ You basically have the entire global economy under one roof." We went from having about 1,000 workers in the plant down to just about zero." But job security was tenuous there as well. " And the plant itself was considerably larger than was needed just for the MV-1. That would have been far too expensive," he said. And the facility is very flexible and can integrate our product quite well." Credit: BILL VLASIC; Aaron M. Kessler contributed reporting from Washington. But intentions are one thing, consequences another. Stock markets have already sorted the likely winners from losers  broadly, devaluation is deemed good for Chinese exporters. The balance sheet and cash flows will be unchanged. Mr Page, Sergey Brin and Eric Schmidt move from Google to Alphabet, but Sundar Pichai moves from head of Google products to become chief executive of Google, and Ruth Porat, chief financial officer, will be CFO of both Alphabet and Google. The European Commission confirmed that negotiators had “achieved an agreement in principle”. This is clearly an exciting prospect for business leaders searching for new growth opportunities. Cities are where the growth is occurring.', '2015-08-13': 'The small island of Kos is just one of the places where an unprecedented wave of migrants, many fleeing war, have landed after making a perilous journey across the Mediterranean. With no shade, toilets or water provided, the situation deteriorated. These people are refugees and need to be treated as humans. Though not an immediate prospect, some observers are beginning to wonder whether the dim sum market is now on borrowed time. @ Now it will apply a formula that takes into account the previous day’s closing rate. @ Its initial public offering in September was the largest ever. The BBC and news agencies reported police as saying that at least seven people had been killed, with at least another 300 injured. U.S. Says Iranian Military Figure&#8217;s Visit to Russia Violates U.N. Ban : Maj. The visit may provide fuel to opponents of a nuclear agreement with Iran.: It\'s really about a fear of the unknown." The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index finished with a gain of 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,086.05. And is this going to spread their weakness to other countries?" The company also cut its sales forecast for the rest of the year. Precious and industrial metals ended broadly higher. The latter was always somewhat illogical. It also said it would streamline its smartphone business and produce "fewer, more clearly-differentiated models." @', '2015-08-14': 'World Briefing | Asia; North Korea: Dispute Over Land Mines : Pyongyang labeled as “nonsense” an investigation that said it had planted the mines in the Demilitarized Zone. It said Seoul was trying to drive up military tension. Poor servicing likely a culprit, former regulator says. The official death toll rose to 55 on Friday, with hundreds injured. Residents donated blood at hospitals as well as food and clothing to thousands of displaced people taking shelter overnight in schools. Why is it even possible to regard the peg as an economic indicator? The conventional answer is simple and cynical: you cannot trust the official economic numbers, so you have little choice but to read into official pronouncements and actions. Shares in China Zhongwang Holdings slumped 12 per cent on Thursday after trading in the world’s second-largest producer of aluminium products resumed for the first time since it denied allegations of inflated sales in a short sellers’ report. @ After software engineering and financial engineering comes linguistic engineering. Who knew that swapping your tiles in a game of corporate Scrabble was worth so much? @ Everyone reads what they want into the new letters. For employees, it brings the hope of more valuable share options. Yet, until Tuesday, this temptation was stoutly resisted.', '2015-08-15': 'The Terrible Plight of the Average American Voter, Left and Right : They are fed up with American leadership in every sector of our current culture, be they corporate, union, pharmaceutical, legal or political leaders. In their emotionally crowded lives American voters despair of being aided, let alone led by them. Basic Premise of Social Integration : Easy for us, as advisors/"thought leaders"/speakers, to say I guess... so in my eyes the true value add opportunity here is working with companies to enable this to happen sooner rather than later. Insurance Co-ops Are Losing Money, Federal Audit Finds  : Most of the insurance co-ops created under the Affordable Care Act enrolled fewer people than they had predicted, according to the inspector general at the health department. AT&T Gave The NSA Unique And Unprecedented Access : The National Security Agency’s ability to spy on vast quantities of Internet traffic passing through the United States hasBernie Kicks Into Overdrive In NH : After a poll this week showed the previously unthinkable — the 73-year-old Independent senator from Vermont surging pastBuzzFeed\'s Jonah Peretti: Employees Would Have ‘Less Favorable’ Pay If They Unionized : He says a union "wouldn’t be very good for employees at BuzzFeed. "', '2015-08-16': 'On Iran, Let\'s Get Serious : The Iran deal is perhaps the most consequential foreign policy issue in a generation. Yet the debate over it has too often fallen short of what\'s needed. How Its Own Media Prevents GOP Shift to the Middle : Lost in the short-term attention commanded by Donald Trump in the first Republican primary debate was a long-term problem for the party, created by questions that compelled the candidates to take positions at odds with a majority of Americans. While the debate questions were smart and sharp, they were also predicated on many conservative litmus tests. Airstrikes on Rebel-Held Area Kill Over 80 in Syria : The death toll in Douma, a rebel-held territory, puts the incident among the deadliest air attacks during more than four years of conflict in Syria. When Tech Came to the Tenderloin : Tech giants like Twitter and Spotify have descended on one of the poorest neighborhoods in the Bay Area, bringing prosperity for some and upheaval for others. Hillary Clinton And Jeb Bush Continue Blame Game On ISIS : "I find it somewhat curious that Jeb Bush is doubling down on defending his brother’s actions in Iraq. "', '2015-08-17': 'With oil prices back down to $50 a barrel for Brent crude, a falling gas price and its share of the European energy market declining, the Russian economy is in real trouble. International investors are slaves to indices. Most of the time, they limit themselves to buying only stocks and bonds that are included in indices put together by index providers such as MSCI and JPMorgan. @ This severely narrows their investable universe. The result is not only a lot of missed opportunities. It means that investors end up exposed to risks they might otherwise avoid. The worries should not be dismissed lightly. The lessons from other discarded currency pegs loom large. Asset prices tended to overshoot on the upside, creating macro imbalances that were eventually corrected through catastrophic devaluations. @ There are both parallels and differences in China’s case. The trend was characterised by low volatility and high predictability. Bureaucratic Missteps at Many Turns in an Education Dept. Another 95 people are missing, most of them firefighters.', '2015-08-18': "Americans No Longer Expect Foreign Policy To Be Center Stage In 2016 : We're a little less worried about terrorism and a little more upset about the economy. We expect that, and we’re going to look right through that. July's deflation is the slowest since December. @ There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. Forgotten what it was like for Chinese stocks to be down by five or six per cent in a session? The Shenzhen Composite ended 6.6 per cent lower at 2,174.4. @ But is it possible to have too much transparency? The answer is clearly yes: demands for certain kinds of transparency have hurt government effectiveness, particularly with regard to its ability to deliberate. @ Yet they have had a number of unfortunate consequences. After all, the rouble experiences similar swings almost daily. @ Land purchases have collapsed by a third. We've weathered Greece; we've weathered the slowdown in China. Investors are hoping for good results from retail earnings reports this week. Walmart and Home Depot will report on Tuesday, Target and Lowe's on Wednesday and Gap on Thursday. Its outlook in future quarters also disappointed. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Important because residential real estate and construction account directly for more than 10 per", '2015-08-19': 'A Generation Cashes Out : As older owners choose the improved economy as a climate in which to sell, the buyers are putting a more diverse face on small businesses. For years China has run a system of internet blocking known as the Great Firewall. But yesterday’s statement indicated a new intensity in the fight to control the internet and cleanse it of pornography and cyber criminals, but also, seemingly, of political dissent. Investigations into the cause are continuing. One of its first tasks will be to recruit a chief executive for Airbnb China. @ Asciano owns a national network of railroads that haul iron ore, coal and grains. It had been in exclusive negotiations with Brookfield since the beginning of July. That values the deal at 12 billion Australian dollars. Now we become part of a much bigger machine." Citigroup, the Macquarie Group and the law firm Freshfields advised Brookfield. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Instead, creative careers are thriving — but in complicated and unexpected ways. To be clear, the forecasts do not show an imminent end to population growth — far from it. How Summer Jobs Programs Can Help Save Lives : New research finds 20 lives per year saved by NYC jobs program. Rules would be clear, and norms impartially applied. @ Given what we know now, it’s not worth the risk of drilling.”', '2015-08-20': 'Hundreds Of American Planes Have Had Close Calls With Drones : On Sunday, a swarm of small rogue drones disrupted air traffic across the country on a scale previously unseen in U.S. skiesBush\'s \'Electability\' Argument Is Getting Even Weaker : Jeb Bush is in terrible shape. The International Tax System is \'Repulsive And Inequitable.\' But people will need to actually see them first. Chinese authorities have been stepping in to prop up shares. One can only assume this is making the turbulence worse. @ That is less than July’s one-third discount, but well above the five-year average. Multinational executives are slowly drifting back to Beijing from their summer holidays abroad. Above all, it is confusingly inconsistent. @ The term describes characteristics of the actual market: a nascent market with low liquidity. Problematically, the term is often used in both ways simultaneously. Yet, a country can have several markets (equities, bonds, currencies, real estate and others) with different characteristics. Cuomo Joins Call to Curb Nearly Nudes in Times Sq. : Energy stocks fell as the price of oil plummeted. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 162.61 points, or 0.9 percent, to 17,348.73. But with commodity prices as low as they are, it could give the Fed pause." Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph Traders at the New York Stock Exchange. After all, look how well that’s worked out.', '2015-08-21': "Advisers Who Don’t Try to Beat the Market : Two advisers in Nevada have learned that investors who try to pick stocks that will outperform the market will fail to do so over long periods. A reading above 50 indicates expanding activity and one below 50  signals contraction. That country is China, the world’s second-biggest economy. This adjustment — enormous in the history of such things — occurred for two key reasons. @ Domestic investment thus rose relative to domestic savings, thereby reducing net capital account outflows. And in recent weeks, the worries have piled up. Investors sought the safety of government bonds. The meeting was held before China's devaluation. China has the financial firepower to avoid an uncontrolled devaluation. Photograph Traders On the Floor of the New York Stock Exchange On Thursday. HUFFPOLLSTER: How Much Are Pollsters Really Getting Paid? : Any company that delists abroad and lists in China is going to see their share price go up by multiples,” says the head of the state-controlled semiconductor conglomerate, undeterred by the rout that recently wiped more than 30 per cent off China’s stock market in the space of three weeks. “ But if things improve, it could be five times.", '2015-08-22': 'Investigation Lifts a Cloud Over Leader of Mexico : A seven-month conflict-of-interest investigation into the purchase of luxury homes by President Enrique Peña Nieto’s wife and his finance minister from a government contractor found no wrongdoing, Mexico’s comptroller said Friday. Joe Biden Gets Serious About Campaign : s Hillary Rodham Clinton’s campaign struggles with sliding poll numbers, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s exploration: \xa0 Stock prices around the world continued to plunge on Friday, threatening to end one of the longest bull runs in the history of the United States stock market. Strong employment numbers and other economic indicators suggest that the United States economy remains resilient. Still, fear in financial markets can feed on itself. At Friday\'s close, the index was down 530.94 points, to 16,459.75, a loss of 3.1 percent on the day. Investors rushed into the relative safety of government bonds. European shares were also trading lower on Friday. Companies are struggling to bolster their revenue, for instance. It\'s very, very slow," Ms. Martin Adams said. Credit: PETER EAVIS; Neil Gough and Jack Ewing contributed reporting. Photograph The New York Stock Exchange On Friday. The Dow Is Down More Than 10 Percent From Its Peak, Putting It Into Correction Territory. ( Photograph by Richard Drew/Associated Press) (B2) Charts: Chart (Sorce: Bloomberg) (A1); the Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2015-08-23': 'Afghan Politician Wins Hearts and Minds Through Stomachs  : Abdul Rashid Dostum, a former warlord, has retained an edge as a purveyor of old-school Afghan hospitality, as his staff routinely feed hundreds, often thousands, at his palace. Earlier, they said seven people had been killed. The jet was flying a loop at the Shoreham Airshow when it nosedived Saturday. Authorities asked anybody with still or video images of the crash to contact them. " CNN\'s Don Melvin and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report. Stopping terrorism in Europe  - CNN : Mission impossible? The number of migrants living in Spain increased from less than 2% of the population in 1999 to more than 12% a decade later. Speaking of Khazzani, Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said "this was someone who clearly traveled around Europe." Many are smuggled from the Balkans, after being stolen or bought from corrupt officials. This huge and fluid list categorizes individuals according to 16 levels of assessed threat to national security.', '2015-08-24': 'Dow Closes Down 588 Points Amid Worries Of China Slowdown : U.S. stocks slumped again Monday, with the Dow Jones industrial average plunging more than 1,000 points at one point in aLabor Secretary Tom Perez To Join The Fight For $15 : "People are increasingly understanding that they\'re taking it on the chin at work. " Reflecting these fears, spooked investors sold off almost every asset class in almost every market. all Asian indices fell oil prices hit a six-year low. The decision is based on the situation in parliament . . . and we have communicated this to the Chinese.” @ This is how it is and how it will be,” said Mr Medvedev on Saturday. The island is one of four disputed since the end of the second world war. @ A multi-billion-euro bid by Anbang Insurance @ for Portugal’s Novo Banco, which would be the first Chinese acquisition of a systemically important European bank, could be derailed as the offer deadline approaches. @ China bears responsibility for much of the world’s current economic malaise. China’s slowing growth is not a big surprise. Yet recent data has led to doubts about whether China can achieve its aims. Even the US was eventually caught in the wake.', '2015-08-25': 'Nearly Half Of Pennsylvania Voters Want Kathleen Kane To Resign : Most say she\'s not doing a good job as the state\'s attorney general. There is simply too much red on stock brokers’ screens for them to wish away. @ Higher interest rates will also increase the value of the dollar, making US producers less competitive and pressuring the economies of our trading partners. The signs are that it is not going so well. This worked well enough until the 21st century, but gradually tended towards atrophy. But the worst thing to do right now is to panic, he advises them. She started the phone call with \'Should we sell?"\' It is going to sit there for 20 or 30 years. I chip in and play my little game and put in $25." Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ and RACHEL ABRAMS; Brian X. Chen and Tara Siegel Bernard contributed reporting. Fed officials could give some indication of their thinking later this week when they gather for an annual conference in Jackson Hole, Wyo. Investors have also been looking to Beijing. As the article correctly noted elsewhere, it declined 8.5 percent, not 8.7 percent. Cao Li contributed research from Beijing.: Now it\'s starting to get scary for everyone. But some of it reflects something bigger. The original taper tantrum happened in June 2013.', '2015-08-26': 'Water Is Called Casualty of War : In a report about the scarcity of water in Syria, Unicef said it had recorded 18 deliberate cuts to the public water supply in Aleppo this year. If the situation worsens and if there comes a point where [President Xi Jinping] really needs a scapegoat, then Li fits the bill. The webpage has therefore been excluded from its internet blacklist, it added. The first question from foreign investors is always: ‘When is the saturation point? State Secretary of Justice Robert Repassy said procedures for handling migrants would also be made faster and more efficient. It is unclear where the survivors will be taken. They were taken to the Italian island of Lampedusa. The previous monthly high was 70,000 in June. Journalist Gyorgy Kakuk and CNN\'s Hada Messia and Vasco Cotovio contributed to this report.: It forces everyone to reconsider their base assumption for things like earnings growth and revenue growth." The opening of trading in Asia on Wednesday brought little clarity. Photograph Traders On the New York Stock Exchange Floor On Tuesday. Photograph by Justin Lane/European Pressphoto Agency) (B5) Charts: Change in Stock Market Indexes From Friday\'s Close. ( investors are hoping that policymakers will step in and restore some calm. @ Unfortunately, it is hard to see how, exactly.', '2015-08-27': ': WASHINGTON -- Turmoil in global financial markets has reduced the chances the Federal Reserve will raise its benchmark interest rate in September, a senior Fed policy maker said on Wednesday, but the possibility of a rate increase remains on the table, provided markets regain balance and economic problems in other countries do not disrupt the slow but steady performance of the domestic economy. It was the first positive day for all three market indicators after six days of losses. But shares in Shanghai and Shenzhen have continued to slide. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: PETER EAVIS; Binyamin Appelbaum, Neil Gough and David Jolly contributed reporting. Photograph A Trader Gets Ready for Work Wednesday Morning On the Floor of the New York Stock Exchange. ( That probably is not the pitch that Uber and its bankers at Goldman Sachs are employing. It isn’t a terribly precise term but it’s easy to see what people mean. But he has surely been in a depressive phase. Behind this seem to be concerns about China. One must distinguish between what is worth worrying about and what is not. But in recent months there has been a wave of innovative proposals directed at improving economic performance in general, and middle-class incomes in particular — not through government actions but through mandates or incentives to change business decision-making. There are strong grounds for interest in such approaches.', '2015-08-28': 'Deaths Expose Lack of E.U. Plan in Refugee Crisis : The escalating death toll has highlighted the bloc’s failure to quit squabbling and come up with a unified plan for a crisis months in the making. Pollsters are shaking their heads (and legs) over Trump\'s rise. Gun Control Might Not Have Stopped The WDBJ Shooter. Research still shows that new laws would save lives. FBI Agent Pretended To Be An AP Reporter. US growth surged much more strongly than expected in the second quarter of this year, according to data that @ highlighted the conundrum facing the Federal Reserve over whether to raise interest rates in September. @ They would be assembled into televisions at Japanese-owned factories and then re-exported. The importance of final demand in China is increasing for the Japanese economy. It was almost to the US level as of the last data in 2011. Do the pessimists have a stronger case than optimists right now? And there\'s a lot of background noise that makes it harder to hear that whisper." Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( But we\'re growing twice as fast as Europe and three to four times as fast as Japan.', '2015-08-29': 'Bush Works to Bolster Donations : Jeb Bush’s presidential campaign, which to date has raised significantly more than his Republican rivals, is encountering difficulties matching its torrid pace as Mr. Bush slips in the polls and top party donors continue to withhold their commitments. People are taking a little bit of a pause," said Paul Springmeyer, senior portfolio manager at the Private Client Reserve at U.S. Bank. " We\'re finally winding down here where maybe we\'re seeing more rational behavior." The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index rose 1.21 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,988.87. Markets have been volatile since China decided to weaken its currency earlier this month. During the previous five days, it had shed nearly 23 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( End Gun Violence by Repealing Not Enacting Legislation : I have no doubt that some additional legislation, such as background checks, will help stem the tide of this endless gun violence. The Middle East: Who Says Popular Quest for Change has Been Quelled? : After spiraling down, volatile stock markets rallied back, for now. . .', '2015-08-30': 'Bush Works to Bolster Donations : Jeb Bush’s presidential campaign, which to date has raised significantly more than his Republican rivals, is encountering difficulties matching its torrid pace as Mr. Bush slips in the polls and top party donors continue to withhold their commitments. People are taking a little bit of a pause," said Paul Springmeyer, senior portfolio manager at the Private Client Reserve at U.S. Bank. " We\'re finally winding down here where maybe we\'re seeing more rational behavior." The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index rose 1.21 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,988.87. Markets have been volatile since China decided to weaken its currency earlier this month. During the previous five days, it had shed nearly 23 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( End Gun Violence by Repealing Not Enacting Legislation : I have no doubt that some additional legislation, such as background checks, will help stem the tide of this endless gun violence. The Middle East: Who Says Popular Quest for Change has Been Quelled? : After spiraling down, volatile stock markets rallied back, for now. . .', '2015-08-31': 'Ties to Banking Could Haunt Biden in a Race With Populist Overtones  : Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., who is considering a run for the presidency, may have to persuade voters that his approach to consumer issues has evolved since he was a senator from Delaware, where many financial services companies are based. A Major Goal Of The Common Core Is Going Unfulfilled : "One of its fundamental arguments has been knocked out from under it. " Cruz\'s Planned Parenthood Strategy Will Backfire : Another year. Another looming deadline for funding the federal government. These doubts will need to be resolved before markets will fully stabilise once more. @ The August turbulence was triggered initially by a renewed collapse in commodity prices. In fact, taken in isolation, it would probably have been beneficial for world growth, albeit with very uncertain time lags. @ However, that reckoned without the China factor. Although this is very far from a hard landing, it undermined confidence. Events in China have shaken faith in the country’s economic management among officials attending the Jackson Hole meetings in Wyoming, hosted by the Kansas City Fed, as well as exposing the uncertainty among western policymakers about the true health of its economy. For some, the eventual payback has been worth it. @ “', '2015-09-01': 'China’s wobbly response to the bursting of its share market bubble, the devaluation of the renminbi and the mystery over the true health of the economy continue to spook investors. @ The official manufacturing PMI was 49.7, exactly in line with expectations. It requires corrective action from Chinese authorities — not surgery, but acupuncture. @ These signs indicate that the economy is slowing down. @ Yet this will not help China as much as one might expect. There\'s little doubt that such help is sorely needed for those enduring an often arduous journey. Merkel, Merkel, Merkel, help us," the crowd called in English. Reka Hegedus, a spokeswoman for Keleti train station, later told CNN the station had reopened. So that is why up until their identity is ... we cannot say anything else than that they are illegal migrants. " Syrian regugees at Munich train station. # The flow of arrivals slowed as the day wore on, presumably because of the delays in Budapest. Most of those to whom CNN spoke said they were from Syria. CNN\'s Frederik Pleitgen, Antonia Mortensen, Alexander Felton, Carol Jordan and Bharati Naik contributed to this report. Obama Within One Vote Of Victory On Iran Deal : Sens.', '2015-09-02': 'A Coordinated Strategy Brings Victory to Obama on the Iran Nuclear Deal : A message from five world powers helped persuade many Democrats to back the accord, for which President Obama now has enough votes to survive Republican opposition. State Reaches a Deal to End Litigation at Cooper Union  : Eric T. Schneiderman, the New York attorney general, is expected to announce a settlement Wednesday that would create an independent monitor of the college’s management and finances. Two years ago, a group of Moscow restaurateurs made what on paper looked like a sound business decision. The restaurant closed a few months later. @ But investors are starting to ask about profit and sustainability. Smartphone apps may change the equation this time. And some analysts said it might be a while before the market recovers. " Investors are now scouring the horizon for events that drive the markets up or down. Looming at the end of this week is the release of the United States jobs numbers. It will determine Fed policy one way or another." Both outcomes, however, could affect countries with economies that rely heavily on exports. The major European indexes all closed the day 2 to 3 percent lower. Photograph A Worker at a Chinese Textile Factory. There are no atheists in foxholes  is there any differentiation in an emerging market meltdown?', '2015-09-03': 'Rand Paul: Dick Cheney \'Wrong\' About Almost Every Foreign Policy Decision : "I think what Dick Cheney promotes has been a disaster for this country. " It might not have been a straight\xadforward error  perhaps this was a Brown-Nosed Buy. Senior people can help you in all sorts of ways. Six months after the central bank began an unprecedented stimulus program, eurozone growth has improved. Inflation is back above zero, if just barely. Still, it is almost double the rate in the United States and far from a level considered healthy. They still want to see what the Fed will do." the problem — not a huge one, but a problem nonetheless — is the Chinese economy itself.” I agree with both points, with one exception. They tell us about confidence — or the lack of it. @ Nevertheless, economic performance is ultimately decisive. But this transformation is no statistical artefact. Teachers have quit their jobs while some parents are opting to keep their children at home. It focused on  Syria, Iraq, Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey, Yemen, Libya, Sudan and the Palestinian territories. Most have made the perilous journey in the Mediterranean using overcrowded boats. Hundreds of migrants are arriving every day. In Syria, cities lie in rubble while South Sudan is ravaged by war and poverty. Making refugees welcome: Citizens of Germany, Iceland show the wayFollow @faithcnn CNN\'s Ray Sanchez, Michael Martinez contributed to this report.', '2015-09-04': 'This Could Help Curb New York City\'s Homelessness Issue : De Blasio admitted New York City has a homelessness problem. Toxic issueBut those rooms may remain empty. Spain has agreed to take fewer than 3,000. Photos: Illustration by Murat Sayın, an artist living in Ankara, Turkey. " " The countries of eastern Europe have been most resistant to accepting refugees. In the face of the scale of the crisis, and the images flooding television screens and social media, the language has begun to shift. Stocks moved slightly higher on Thursday as markets calmed after recent turmoil. The two-day meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee begins Sept. 16. The program is to run at least through September 2016. " The price of oil followed the stock market higher. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( And polls show Republicans opting for outsider candidates. Tech CEO Who Quit To Be A Better Dad Just Got A New Job : He had a nice year off.', '2015-09-05': ': \xa0 Despite disappointing job growth last month, the unemployment rate fell to its lowest level since early 2008, sharpening the debate within the Federal Reserve over whether to raise interest rates when policy makers meet in two weeks. It\'s strong enough to keep the September-ists stuck on September and weak enough for everyone else who is looking for a later takeoff." The longer-term trend for job creation in 2015 has been fairly robust, even if wage gains have been disappointing. But the company needs candidates with specific skills in software development and information management or credentials like an engineering or information systems degree. " There is yet another twist for the Fed to consider. Photograph A Construction Crew in Mississippi. Photograph by Edmund D. Fountain for the New York Times) (B6) Charts: The Labor Picture in August (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B6)For Labor Day Drivers, Lowest Gasoline Prices in 11 Years  : The national average price for regular gas was $2.42 a gallon on Friday, 9 cents less than a week ago and $1.01 less than last year, the AAA motor club said. Christian conservatives\' claim that her civil rights are being violated is exactly backwards. Among individual stocks, Netflix continued its slide on Friday. The dollar fell 1 percent against the Japanese currency, to 119 yen.', '2015-09-06': "Clinton and Rubio Visit Puerto Rico, Lock Horns Over Financial Crisis : SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico's financial crisis loomed over dueling Friday campaign appearances by Democrat HillaryAmerica's Decline In Wages Can Be Traced To George W. Bush Era : One of the statistical touchstones for left-leaning economists is the run of figures showing that US workers have sufferedSarah Palin Supports Ohio Bill That Would Ban Abortions For Down Syndrome : Critics of the bill say it likely violates Roe v. Wade. The US technology group will still be controlled by founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin. There has been little consensus about how to respond. Such conditions argue for the Federal Reserve to keep rates on hold later this month. Bohai secured its prize early on Friday with an offer of $31 a share, $1 a share below its previous offer and a 31 per cent premium to the undisturbed share price on July 13. Lodge near a Chinese school and you may find yourself awoken before dawn by yells of “One, two!” as bleary-eyed youngsters are cajoled through their morning exercises. Universities feature weekly mandatory runs: students shuffle around sports tracks, attired in regular day wear from jeans to denim skirts. @ In China, they were around a quarter of that. A recent report from consultants Bain and Kantar Worldwide argues that China’s shoppers will pay up for quality when choosing everyday items. Foreign brands have been winning in some premium segments.", '2015-09-07': 'Obama Sparks Outrage With Use of Word \'the\' : Washington analysts claim that this is the largest instance of Obama-sparked outrage since the President made the mistake of implementing the word and as a coordinating conjunction while giving a speech to tool and dye makers in Trenton. Why Board Leadership Fails : Where is the leadership? The report was later withdrawn, given the headwinds of conservative criticism. Okamoto Industries’ headquarters are in a disheveled grey building on a Tokyo backstreet. We will walk 2 camp & register,it\'s 10mins away." # At least 2,800 have died or disappeared during the journey. We will do so because it is the principle to which France is committed," Hollande said. Not every European country is opening its arms. Many want to go farther, particularly to Germany. None of the rooms is inhabitable anymore. I cover war zones, conflict and everything. Michael Pearson and Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN\'s Frederik Pleitgen, Brent Swails, Ben Brumfield, Melissa Gray, John Dear, Khushbu Shah, Tobias Grimm, Greg Botelho, Jim Bittermann, Sara Mazloumsaki, Vasco Cotovio, John Vause, Phil Black and Radina Gigova also contributed to this report.', '2015-09-08': 'Joe Biden Gets A Poll Bump As Hillary Clinton\'s Lead Weakens : Poll shows Biden up by 10 points and Clinton down by 10 points. Doctors&#8217; Association Sees Harm in Insurance Mergers : The American Medical Association says the proposed merger of Anthem and Cigna, along with that of Aetna and Humana, could reduce competition in 154 metropolitan areas in 23 states. But the now toxic label of “subprime” mortgages has been dropped. And it is not the only one dealing with the repercussions. From many dimensions, this was a good policy step. The problem is that it was implemented at the wrong time. Syria is not some footnote to a respectable diplomatic legacy. The unemployment rate is low by any historical standard at 5.1 percent. Businesses are complaining of worker shortages in industries like health care, construction and trucking. Other data points to the same conclusion. The explanation for the disconnect that best fits the data is also the simplest one. It just hasn\'t happened yet because there\'s a lot more slack in the job market than the topline numbers suggest." I\'m asking myself, \'What am I doing to retain my workers?\' The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Joe Biden Gets A Poll Bump As Hillary Clinton\'s Lead Weakens : Poll shows Biden up by 10 points and Clinton down by 10 points.', '2015-09-09': "Violence mars Turkey anti-terror rallies amid tensions - CNN : Violence mars Turkey anti-terror rallies amid growing tensions : Story highlightsViolence, including attacks on the offices of a pro-Kurdish political party, has marred some of the ralliesThe Kurdistan Workers' Party, the PKK, has been blamed for a string of deadly attacks on Turkey's security forces (CNN)Crowds of people have joined anti-terror rallies in cities across Turkey this week, amid rising tensions fueled by the deaths of 29 security personnel in the space of three days. The punishment of terror will be imposed by security forces and judiciary. We urge Turkish citizens to adhere to democratic ideals by supporting free speech and engaging only in peaceful protests.— CNN's Zeynep Bilginsoy and Schams Elwazer contributed to this report. Read MoreIt turns out the test wasn't that hard after all. A question of marksWhat number should replace the question mark?42 - - - 17093 - - - 84018 - - - 2654 - - - 27467 - - - ? Sorting the wheat from the... If Neil and Diane grow leeks,Alec and Lisa grow carrotsand Jacob and Chloe grow beans. Capital outflows and a slowing economy add to the unease. We believe the renminbi could fall another 5-10 per cent. @ But this is ultimately good news for developed markets.", '2015-09-10': 'Women Rising in Taiwan&#8217;s Politics Approach Next Stop: The Top  : Two of the three candidates are women, including the front-runner, Tsai Ing-wen, showing how well Taiwan does in putting women into political office, analysts say. Much of this excess saving is channelled through foreign-exchange reserves. That means that equities and property could feel some backwash. @ That said, the picture is very complicated. I am trying to be as transparent as I possibly can. ” Emerging market central bankers have urged the US Federal Reserve to raise rates sooner rather later in order to end the uncertainty over Fed policy that has pummeled stock markets and currencies in recent weeks. @ “ The index surged a day earlier, logging its second-best day of the year. We will definitely have some more volatility, but that\'s part of a normal market." The Nasdaq was down 55.40 points, or 1.2 percent, to 4,756.53. Oil dropped on concerns that global supplies are still outpacing demand. Investors were also comforted by comments from China\'s No. 2 leader, who tried to ease concerns about its economic slowdown. Among individual stock movers on Wednesday, Barnes & Noble was a big loser. In government bond trading, prices were little changed. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Big Oil Tanks California Measure To Cut Petroleum Use In Half : "Oil has won the skirmish.', '2015-09-11': 'The US will take in at least 10,000 refugees from Syria over the next year, a sixfold increase over the current year, the White House said on Thursday. @ The US has admitted 1,600 refugees from the country this fiscal year. All domestic newspapers, radio stations, and television channels are owned by companies linked to the government.” @ Singapore ranks 153rd out of 180 countries in the 2015 World Press Freedom Index. When Microsoft announced it would acquire Nokia for $7.2bn in September 2013, the move confused many industry observers. A month earlier, Steve Ballmerhad revealed he was stepping down as chief executive. @ At least that’s what many hyperbolic Indians would have you believe. On the face of it, there is room for optimism. More likely, it could quickly head towards 5 per cent or below. First, markets have already done the work of tightening. The US stock market is worth $700bn less than it was two weeks ago and credit spreads have widened noticeably. That has been true for a while and will be driven home even harder in the wake of the drop. @ Clouds of El Niño Could Mean Rain for California, and New Threats : Torrents of rain forecast for the end of the year could ease the drought but could also cause flooding and mudslides and reverse gains made in water conservation.', '2015-09-12': ': \xa0 Major stock indexes shook off an early stumble on Friday -- falling oil prices pulled oil and gas companies down -- to finish the day with slight gains as traders turned their attention to a pivotal meeting of the Federal Reserve next week. It was a quiet end to another turbulent week. Thanks largely to a big jump on Tuesday, the United States market finished with a 2 percent gain for the week, recouping a portion of the steep losses from the week before. " I think eventually things will settle down." Uncertainty over the Fed\'s timing has kept investors on edge. Major markets in Europe closed with losses on Friday. In the commodity markets, precious and industrial metals finished mostly lower. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Jeremy Corbyn arrives at a campaign event on September 6 in Cambridge, England. But it wasn\'t long before Corbyn\'s campaign took off. Donald Trump: The Malevolent Narcissist : Given Trump\'s consistently obnoxious behavior, it\'s disappointing that more than a handful of U.S. citizens would even want to have a beer with the guy.', '2015-09-13': 'Zakaria: Germany\'s road to redemption - CNN : Germany\'s road to redemption :  (CNN)Of the 4 million Syrian men, women and children who have fled their country, the Obama administration wants the United States to take in 10,000 over the next year. They - and We - Deserve an Expanded Social Security : After 80 years, Social Security has stood the test of time. Sunday Roundup : This week, summer vacation ended for millions of Americans, as did the wait for two long-anticipated events. One result is a banking system almost comically awash in money. Why would you lend to anyone else when you can lend to the Fed?" The Fed\'s traders sit at terminals in a converted conference room. At 1:13 p.m., a warning message starts blinking red. The size of the program poses the most obvious risk. But there are at least three reasons markets are becoming less predictable. Then, just as quickly, the computers turned around and drove prices back down. Other observers, however, urge a broader perspective. " I\'m very reassured by the fact that there were only 12 minutes." Does it mean that there\'s going to be more high-frequency volatility?', '2015-09-14': 'Obama Administration Facing More Opposition to Atlantic Drilling Plans : More than 75 towns and 300 coastal businesses opposed plan to allow drilling in the Atlantic. This Is How Bad It\'s Gotten For Jeb Bush: He\'s Flying Commercial : Jeb! may not be so excited about cutting back on private jet travel. Kim Davis Couldn\'t Stop Her Office From Giving This Couple A Marriage License : "It\'s a big moment for us, personally, and so, we\'re just really happy. " Windows on the Deep : A government laboratory in Hawaii has made important deep-sea discoveries with piloted submersibles. But dwindling budgets and increased use of robots threaten to close the operation. The SOE system should be more modernised and market-oriented. Other analysts think the US central bank could hold steady until 2016. @ A problem as old as humanity has been solved. Among the most enthusiastic adopters of this breakthrough? This is not the only area where the Chinese shopper is leading. Dow Jones and Symphony declined to comment. Holidaying investment professionals were jolted out of their sun loungers last month when extreme volatility across global markets forced them to switch on their BlackBerrys and respond to panicky emails from clients and colleagues. @', '2015-09-15': 'Firefighters Fail To Rescue Disabled Woman Trapped In House During California Wildfires : MIDDLETOWN, Calif. (AP) — Barbara McWilliams told her caretaker she didn\'t want to leave her home near Middletown, despiteBen Carson Gaining On Leader In GOP Presidential Polls : Just 4 percentage points separate the famous neurosurgeon from Donald Trump. Unfortunately, we\'re getting pretty good at that. " Chinese equities had their worst day in three weeks on Monday. No new data was released today that might explain the move. The commodity supercycle started in 2002. The slowing economy makes it more vital still. @ After spending a week in Sichuan Province, it is clear that land sales, prices and transactions are all declining in double digits. @ Sichuan province is one of China’s largest, in the heart of the country. The 1.08m sqm property has seen prices fall one-third from 4,000 to 5,800 psm one-third to 3,000 to 4,000 psm. Click through the gallery to see more images from the testing.', '2015-09-16': 'Handcuffed for Making Clock, Youth Gets Time With Obama : President Obama praised an Irving high school freshman’s interest in science after his arrest raised questions of bias toward a Muslim student who happens to love tinkering. Some popular areas are Clapham, Balham, Fulham, Hammersmith and Battersea. While retail sales edged higher last month, factory output fell as automakers cut back on production. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 228.89 points, or 1.4 percent, to 16,599.85. People have been overly pessimistic on global growth. Certainly this is what the government appears to believe. It is equally clear that both the EU’s response and its institutions have proved woefully inadequate. @ By 2050, it could be 6.6 million premature deaths every year worldwide, a new study predicts. He published a commentary on the study in Nature. " It takes more than making the technology available.', '2015-09-17': 'Willem Buiter, Citi’s chief economist and the Financial Times’ erstwhile Maverecon blogger, answers these questions: “Yes” and “China”. This does not mean we must expect a recession. But people should see such a scenario as plausible. @ This is plausible, if not universally accepted. But the current cocktail of problems facing Europe — refugees, the euro and the danger that Britain might leave the union — look far more likely to overwhelm the EU than to strengthen it. @ Appeals Court Deals A Blow To Kim Davis\' Lawyers For Not Following The Rules : Yet another setback for the Kentucky clerk.: The combination would create a massive conglomerate worth $275 billion. Any potential deal would be heavily scrutinized by regulators. The Energy Information Administration said United States oil supplies fell last week by a steeper than expected 2.2 million barrels. Oil company stocks followed crude oil higher. Earth\'s hottest summer ever recorded: Summer 2015 - CNN : Think it\'s been a hot summer? Those record highs occurred on the surface of both land and sea. " In the past, when we have had El Niño years, we have seen this uptick in temperature. I think this pushes it off until October. It pushes  out the inevitable," said Clemons. Read More Did the  Federal Reserve make the right decision today? Stocks bounced around and briefly turned negative before trading became choppy. It\'s a probability now much higher than it was  before.', '2015-09-18': 'Joe Scarborough Thinks His Show Has A Great Campaign Strategy For Hillary Clinton : "The Clinton campaign watches \'Morning Joe\' every morning. " This is what it sounds like when doves cry. For obvious diplomatic reasons, China was never mentioned. Gross profits at Biostime have grown from Rmb138m in 2007 to nearly Rmb3bn last year. Equity markets had trouble making heads or tails of the news. This is HuffPollster for Friday, September 18, 2015Janet Yellen Explains How The Fed Reduces Income Inequality : In July, the Fed chair sparked controversy by suggesting the central bank couldn\'t address high rates of African-American unemployment. Federal Appeals Court Rules Against Obamacare Contraceptive Mandate : ST. The international situation must have generated a real re-evaluation." I don\'t think this will keep them on hold for an extended period of time. Both the meetings in October and December remain live." The 10-year Treasury note yield fell 0.11 percentage points to 2.189 percent. That threshold was crossed in April 2014. Instead of September, it acted in December. Credit: BINYAMIN APPELBAUM; Jack Ewing contributed reporting from Frankfurt. Photograph The Federal Reserve\'s Headquarters in Washington. Sources: Federal Reserve; White House Office of Management and Budget; Reuters; Bankrate.', '2015-09-19': 'Governor: Suspect In String Of Arizona Shootings Arrested : The shootings have caused anxiety for motorists using the stretch of I-10, the southernmost transcontinental highway in the United States, which runs through the Phoenix metro area. What they remember is a situation that played out more than 20 years ago, in 1994 and early 1995. Ultimately, Mexico had to be bailed out by the United States and the International Monetary Fund. That spread has since doubled, to nearly four full percentage points. It\'s been so well telegraphed," Mr. Hubbard said. They can still get drinks as it\'s being taken away." Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ; Binyamin Appelbaum contributed reporting from Washington. The biggest negative factor weighing on the index was the sharp fall in stock prices in August, when investors grew concerned about developments in China, the world\'s second-largest economy. The Fed has two more meetings this year, in October and December. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Leading Indicators: An Index of 10 Economic Components Intended to Predict Overall Economic Activity; 2004 =100. (: Bonds rallied as investors sought safety. Silver climbed 17.9 cents, to $15.16 an ounce, and copper fell 6.6 cents, to $2.39 per pound. Perhaps as the polls narrow down and the money dries up, we will hear better.', '2015-09-20': 'That would give Syriza 145 of the Greek Parliament\'s 300 seats. A clear mandate to cast aside those forces that have been holding us back. # Read MoreEven before the final vote tally was announced, one thing was clear: The economically frail country doesn\'t have time for a fresh round of political uncertainty. That would leave it unable to pay 3.2 billion euros ($3.8 billion) it owes to the International Monetary Fund later this year. " But he was eventually forced to back down as EU leaders refused to budge and the Greek economy sank deeper into the mire. He said he wanted the Greek people\'s support to take the reform program forward. CNN\'s Catherine E. Shoichet, Yasmin Amer, Vasco Cotovio and Isa Soares contributed to this report. John Kasich Supports Ohio Bill That Would Ban Abortions For Down Syndrome : "I\'m more than glad to say that of course I would sign that. " Ben Carson\'s Dangerous Thinking : Establishment Republicans are already reeling from Trump\'s candidacy. Peanut Exec Faces Life Sentence For Shipping Tainted Peanut Butter : He\'s been blamed for a salmonella outbreak that killed 9 people and left hundreds more ill. Tsipras\' Syriza Party Wins Greek Election : "In Europe today, Greece and the Greek people are synonymous with resistance and dignity. " That would give Syriza 145 of the Greek Parliament\'s 300 seats.', '2015-09-21': 'Oregon&#8217;s Legal Marijuana Comes With Reprieve  : In preparation for retail marijuana sales on Oct. 1, the state is making it possible for people to have past marijuana convictions removed from their criminal record. Apple and Kuo did not immediately respond to requests to  comment. Clinton\'s Lead Over Sanders Both Growing And Shrinking, According To CNN : Numbers, schmumbers. It\'s a free country, man, write what you want. We’ll do a better job ... if our communities can feel confident that they are being treated fairly. " But the idea was swiftly shot down by social democrat deputy chancellor Sigmar Gabriel as unconstitutional and contrary to government policy. @ Most of the additional number would be from Syria. But the worst news was that concerning future expectations. The indicator for this fell 11.8 per cent to 52.1, the lowest reading since the survey began in 2007.The UK has opened the way for China to build the first Chinese-designed nuclear power plant in the west, saying Beijing could use Britain as a launch pad for a global rollout of its atomic technology. @ If he really wanted to cause trouble, the Chinese leader could pop into Boise, Idaho.', '2015-09-22': 'Elizabeth Rodriguez Says Working With Women \'Adds A Level Of Pride And Joy\' : "You’re not just working with women, you’re doing great work with women. " Chris Christie Gives Leader Of New Jersey National Guard 90 Days To Slim Down : The general acknowledged that he has failed to meet military fitness requirements. The company recently fired the publisher of The Los Angeles Times. China has repeatedly denied having a role in those attacks. The summit won\'t produce progress on strategic matters." His scorching anticorruption campaign has subdued potential opponents. But the question is: Are decisions being made, and is the system beginning to move in the direction that he wants? That part, I think the jury is still out on." Has he put himself in charge of too much?" He has demonstrated a willingness to have more friction with the outside world than his predecessors." These are China\'s positions that will not change." Photograph President XI Jinping in 2014. ( A legal adjustment or a helpless evacuation?” the newspaper asked in an editorial posted on Chinese social media.: The companies said they expected to achieve annual cost savings of $40 million to $50 million after the transaction. It posted revenue of $142.9 million in 2014. Credit: CHAD BRAY; Matthew Goldstein contributed reporting.', '2015-09-23': 'Minority Whip Steny Hoyer Cautions Republicans Not To Burn Down The House : The chamber\'s second-ranking Democrat hopes the Senate sends a "clean" funding bill. How The Supreme Court Could Destroy Reproductive Rights In One Term : Less than a year from now, Roe v. Wade could be all-but-dead. The warships are powerful amphibious assault vessels equipped with six helicopter landing zones. The French are very keen to offload these assets which they\'ve had to re-compensate the Russians for." Meantime, Egypt benefited diplomatically. The issue was addressed with a strong sense of responsibility from both sides and with mutual respect. I discussed this with President Putin on several occasions," he said. The Caixin-sponsored preliminary manufacturing PMI reading for September was 47, versus economists\' expectations of 47.5. The reading was the worst since April 2008. @ Japan’s Sharp, maker of device displays, knows this better than most. Display is the company’s largest revenue generator but also its largest lossmaker. It would be a plausible choice of white knight. The organization says more than 2,800 are dead or missing. How you can help in the migrant crisisFollow @faithcnn Journalist Ossama Elshamy contributed to this report. I sound a bit different from some of the other guys, right?” @ Mr Snyder has good reason to view China in a more positive light. The most expensive markets are Amsterdam, Utrecht, The Hague and Rotterdam.', '2015-09-24': 'JustFab: The Billion Dollar Startup With A Dark Past : In January of last year, Adam Goldenberg reached one of the largest-ever deceptive advertising settlements with the FederalHow A Government Shutdown Could Steal Food From The Poor : "If they shut this program down, I really don\'t know how I will be able to feed my daughter. " There was uncertainty about taxation, now that’s gone away,” he said. They are just the latest of a long string of Chinese disasters on Aim. @ Martin Winterkorn stepped down as chief executive of\xa0Volkswagen, bowing to mounting pressure over an emissions scandal that has wiped more than 30 per cent off the company’s share price since Monday and sent tremors through the European car industry. @ “ These concerns are not entirely without foundation but a confidence run on the renminbi is still unlikely. The authorities therefore smoothed the inevitable exchange rate appreciation by buying dollars and building reserves. Through August, his Global Strategy Fund was up 14.5 percent. " In the event of a currency crisis, these funds would flee. Yuan is a shorthand reference to China\'s currency. " There is a lot of leverage in the system." The name of his firm is taken from Corriente cattle, a longhorn breed.) But he has kept his China bet on for himself and several private investors. Photograph Money Changes Hands at a Tea Shop in Beijing.', '2015-09-25': 'How &#8216;Genius&#8217; Award Winners Handle the Windfall : Lump sums of money too often prove ruinous for lottery winners. More evidence that global economic growth is slowing weighed down the United States stock market for a third straight day on Thursday. Caterpillar also said sales would fall another 5 percent next year. In commodities trading, benchmark United States crude rose 43 cents, to $44.91 a barrel, on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( A new study examines who gets missed by online surveys. A master plan released this month was a confusing mix of conservative and liberal elements. The two leaders will both be in New York on Monday for the UN General Assembly. Now, I think there are problems understanding who Xi is. ” What would happen if the world found out? These networks flourished as long as sentiment was high and rapid economic growth persisted. Money ploughed into financing schemes that went bust in 2014 amounted to more than Rmb100bn ($16bn). @ The irony is that he heads a nation that looks more vulnerable, in some ways, than it has done for years. 2 House Republican, who has risen rapidly through the ranks.', '2015-09-26': 'Ukraine bans Russian airlines from flying into country - CNN : Ukraine bans  Russian airlines from flying into the country : Story highlightsThe ban is set to go into effect October 25Russia calls the move an act of "lunacy" Nearly 8,000 people have lost their lives as a result of the fighting in eastern Ukraine (CNN)Ukraine banned Russian airlines from flying into the country in an effort to pressure Moscow over its backing of rebels in eastern Ukraine. Nearly 8,000 people have lost their lives as a result of the fighting in eastern Ukraine. Longest Nonstop Flights May Be Getting Longer : The distance you\'ll be able to fly nonstop, assuming you actually want to do so, may be getting longer. Divergent Views on the Middle East at the UN General Assembly : The 70th anniversary of the UN will not end with a resolution of the crises of the Middle East. Although the U.S. is continuing to improve, outside the U.S., it\'s just scary." Nike was the biggest gainer in the S.&P. 500 on Friday. The stock soared after the company\'s earnings surpassed analyst expectations. United States government bond prices fell. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2015-09-27': 'Donald Trump May Have Already Peaked In The GOP Presidential Race : The real estate mogul appears to be sliding in polling averages. Ben Carson Gains In Latest Presidential Poll : Carly Fiorina, who didn\'t even register in a July poll, also saw a boost. At the same time, antitrust laws have been relaxed for corporations with significant market power, such as big food companies and the largest Wall Street banks. Catalonia elections set separatists on collision course - CNN : Catalonia elections set separatists on collision course : Story highlightsThe Junts Pel Si (Together For Yes) alliance won 62 seats in the 135-member regional parliamentAnother pro-independence party, Candidatura d\'Unitat Popular, won 10 seatsBut the pro-independence parties, between them, failed to win an overall majority of the votes cast (CNN)A pro-independence alliance has won a majority of seats in the Spanish region of Catalonia, plunging Spain into a constitutional crisis just two months ahead of national elections. The yes vote has won, and what\'s more democracy has won. " The leader of the CUP, Antonio Banos, has been critical of Junts Pel Si and of Mas. The European Union has said an independent Catalonia would have to apply for membership. " And he accused the pro-independence parties of doing nothing but promoting tension, uncertainty and division. " What would happen with financial institutions, what would happen with bank deposits, to the currency?" Journalist Helena Cavendish de Moura contributed to this report.', '2015-09-28': 'Labour, Wary of Old Image, Puts Its Focus on Prudence : John McDonnell, Labour’s newly appointed shadow chancellor of the Exchequer, moved to calm fears that the party would turn away from centrist economic policies of the past. Chinese President Xi Jinping launched a sweeping anti-corruption campaign over the past three years that has ensnared dozens of senior Communist party officials. Many saw the bet as a one-way move, so they borrowed funds at a record level to enhance returns. Critics say the new players are too quick to foreclose. The size of the investment was not disclosed but the funds will help Ola expand in India, Didi Kuaidi said in a statement on Monday. The ranks of foreign-born individuals alone will also rise to a record. More from the Financial Times:  Iran blames Saudi Arabia for  hajj disaster  Does the hajj have to be so  dangerous? We are not that surprised," said another fund manager. " Sama has  been on high risk for a while and we were prepared for this." Sama did not respond to request for  comment. Ben Carson: NASCAR Fans Should Keep Flying The Confederate Flag On Private Property : The GOP presidential hopeful just nabbed the support of retired NASCAR driver Richard Petty.', '2015-09-29': ': \xa0 Stocks fell sharply on Monday as investors added new fears to the list of concerns that have weighed on global markets in recent weeks. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index plunged 49.57 points, or 2.57 percent, to close at 1,881.77. The nervousness showed up in other indicators. Investors sought the relative safety of government bonds. I don\'t think there are many people who are pretty excited about stocks right now." A market that is down more than 10 percent from a peak is said to be in correction, in Wall Street parlance. The last bear market in United States stocks ended in 2009. The outlook for interest rates is also adding to uncertainty. Many companies will soon be reporting their quarterly results for the period ending Sept. 30. It\'s not all terrible -- look at Nike," said Mr. Greenhaus. " Hopefully, over the next few weeks we\'ll see more of this." Source: The Bond Buyer); the Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Since President Xi Jinping took power in China 18 months ago, the world has sometimes fretted about the ways in which the Asian country seems determined to use its newfound political and economic heft. @ Generals Sought More Positive Coverage on Head Injuries, Document Shows : The Army surgeon general and the superintendent at West Point discussed withholding concussion data from The New York Times while seeking more favorable accounts elsewhere.', '2015-09-30': 'In just the past 48 hours, Mr. McCarthy insulted Speaker John A. Boehner and suggested a taxpayer-funded committee was designed to harm the political fortunes of Hillary Rodham Clinton. Carole Little, 80, a Designer of Fashion for Working Women  : Ms. Little’s sportswear found an eager audience among working women who sought affordable style, and her clothing adorned stars like Lauren Hutton and Jane Fonda. Two directors simultaneously resigned from the board over plans to hand most of the company’s cash to three distributors. @ Mr Li was on paper briefly the richest man in China. @ “ The suspension has been a disaster, for the listed companies, the parent group, for small and medium investors as well as for myself,” he told employees in a speech released on Tuesday. Chinese consumers were feeling relatively upbeat in September, despite their economy seemingly under intractable pressure. @ The Westpac MNI China Consumer Sentiment indicator was 118.2 in September, the fourth consecutive month of increase and the highest level since May 2014. @ He acknowledged, however, it was “not the best time for China”. To treat the numbers as authoritative is to invite ridicule: believers are naive at best and, at worst, stooges for Communist propaganda. @ New York Law Blocks Judges From Practicing Medicine From The Bench : "It\'s taken so long for this commonsense decision to be made."', '2015-10-01': 'Manhattan Home Prices Near Million-Dollar Mark, Reports Say : A combination of high demand and too few listings pushed the median sales price to just shy of a million dollars in the third quarter of the year, setting a record high, according to several market reports. Clinton Camp Making Moves to Check Biden : Mrs. Clinton’s campaign appears to be worried about Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. making a run for president and has taken steps to lock down support for her bid. Muted Reception : The boutique investment bank found a muted reception from investors on Thursday; shares in the firm were down about 13 percent in the early afternoon. Hurricane Joaquin Strengthens To Category 4, Batters Bahamas : The storm is expected to move near or over portions of the central Bahamas overnight. Veterinary Board Seeks To Revoke License For Texas Vet Who Killed Cat With Arrow : Dr. Kristen Lindsey is appealing the decision. Watch 1,000 Gallons Of Water Just Disappear Like That : The technology could help reduce the risk of flash flooding after a major storm. Seattle Could Create An Entirely New Way To Fund Elections : The effort to democratize the funding of city elections could inspire other efforts across the country. Treasury Department Narrows National Default Date To Nov. 5 : "Without sufficient cash, it would be impossible for the United States of America to meet all of its obligations for the first time in our history. "', '2015-10-02': "Clinton Campaign Launches 'Latinos For Hillary' : Capitalizing on her still positive polling numbers with Latinos, Democrat Hillary Clinton is making the most of HispanicThe Most Dangerous Cities In America : Over 400 violent crimes per 100,000 residents were reported in the United States in 2010. The rate has fallen every yearRand Paul Campaign Insists It's Just Getting Started : Rand Paul raised just $2.5 million for his presidential bid over the last three months—a sum that not only pales in comparisonOklahoma Court Halts 3 Pending Executions After Drug Glitch : OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Oklahoma's highest criminal court has agreed to halt three upcoming executions after the state's prisonJeb Bush Opposes New Gun Laws On Grounds That 'Stuff Happens' : The former governor has been making some pretty big gaffes lately. A Chinese Colonel&#8217;s Hard-Line Views Gain Currency : Col. Liu Mingfu contends that a better military is crucial if China is to meet its goal of overtaking the United States as the world’s strongest nation. Without it, other taxes will have to go up. Side Effects of Hijacking Drug Prices : Valeant, which has grown by acquiring rivals and slashing their staffs, has drawn the ire of a House panel, which is now considering a subpoena on the company’s price increases.", '2015-10-03': ': \xa0 News of slower hiring last month jolted the market early Friday, driving government bonds up and the dollar down. But stocks, after slumping in early trading, finished the day with a solid gain. The Fed has only two meetings left to make a move this year: one this month and another in December. Markets on mainland China remain closed for holidays until Oct. 8. There\'s nothing good in this morning\'s report." The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury bond dipped below 2 percent. " Consumer demand at home has been on the upswing and vehicle sales have been strong. Credit: PATRICIA COHEN; Peter Baker contributed reporting from Washington. Photograph by Mike Blake/Reuters) (B3) Charts: Monthly Change in Jobs (Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics) (A1); the Labor Picture in September: Unemployment Rate; Share of Population; \'Hidden\' Unemployment; Unemployment Demographics; Unemployment by Education Level; Duration of Unemployment; Type of Work; Average Weekly Earnings; Employment (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B3)Justice Breyer Couldn\'t Save Richard Glossip, But He Won The Day Anyway : Oklahoma\'s disastrous lethal-injection protocol shows he was right about the death penalty all along. Friday Talking Points -- New Speaker\'s Speaking Problem : Kevin McCarthy is not worthy. Of using the English language correctly, among other things. It is a particular low point for President Obama. Doctors Without Borders said 19 were killed and dozens wounded.:', '2015-10-04': 'Bernie Sanders Draws More Than 20,000 People At Boston Rally : The presidential contender is breaking Obama\'s records on the trail. Flash Floods In French Riviera Kill At Least 16 People : By Matthias Galante CANNES, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Flash floods on the French Riviera killed 16 people and five others were reportedScramble Intensifies to Court Iowa Republicans in &#8216;Economic Conservative Lane&#8217; : Jeb Bush, Chris Christie, John R. Kasich and Marco Rubio are accelerating efforts to win former supporters of Scott Walker before the Feb. 1 caucuses. VW Engine-Rigging Scheme Said to Have Begun in 2008 : The carmaker installed emissions-cheating software in 2008 after realizing that a new diesel motor could not meet pollution standards, people familiar with an internal inquiry said. A Drug Company&#8217;s Price Tactics Pinch Insurers and Consumers : A pharmaceutical company buys old drugs and increases the price multifold, a profitable business model that is drawing anger and making the traditional drug industry nervous. Enduring China-Japan Hatreds Risk Renewed Conflict Involving U.S. : While the U.S. and Japan have no aggressive designs on China, Beijing understandably looks uneasily at the alliance of its old enemy with the globe\'s dominant power. Thus, China is developing a military capable of confronting American as well as Japanese military action, no easy task. "Bernie Sanders Draws More Than 20,000 People At Boston Rally : The presidential contender is breaking Obama\'s records on the trail.', '2015-10-05': 'Under More Relaxed Rule, Iranians Cautiously Reclaim Public Life  : A more moderate president, Hassan Rouhani, and a nuclear accord have many hopeful Iranians trying to take back the streets, not politically but socially and culturally. If there were any doubts about that, they were resolved last week. Although inflation, if anything, has tended to be too low rather than too high since the current recovery began six years ago, Federal Reserve policy makers are keeping a very close eye on prices in order to determine when to finally raise short-term interest rates from near zero. But the dollar\'s advance may not be over. Imports from Malaysia are up 17 percent to more than $19 billion. It\'s very clear that the dollar\'s strength is showing up in the numbers." Photograph The Port of Long Beach in California. But senior Fed officials at the Boston conference described that as more of a goal than an achievement. But the Fed doesn\'t really have the instruments. Many instead produced permanent economic benefits. So popping bubbles probably means curtailing some beneficial booms, too. " A prominent example: stricter limits on banks\' reliance on borrowed money. The Fed might curb speculative excesses by raising interest rates.', '2015-10-06': 'A Challenge for Clinton in Debate With Sanders : The growing chance that Mr. Sanders could win either Iowa or New Hampshire, or both, has raised the stakes for Mrs. Clinton in the first Democratic debate. Agreement Shakes Up Canadian Campaign  : The debate on whether the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact benefits or damages the economy isn’t the only issue in a heated election campaign in Canada. But it could tip the balance in a close three-way contest. Sales fell for PepsiCo, but margins improved. But problems include a dearth of affordable housing. Turkey Dragged A Kurdish Man Behind An Armored Vehicle. It is exponentially closer to reality now. The results were absolutely astounding ... it\'s an incredible achievement." Seifalian calls his lab "the human body parts store." The special material is accepted by the body and will expand as the child grows. The sooner we commercialize it and make a model available, the sooner everybody else can jump in and use it to solve these problems." Could that brain organoid be developed into a fully grown brain? We have no intention of going beyond that. Then, you\'re talking about what\'s been covered in science fiction movies. But I would say it\'s very far away, if at all. It\'s the first time I\'ve seen sun in many days. "', '2015-10-07': 'For Conservative Media, the Trump Show Wanes : Increasingly negative coverage of Mr. Trump by some conservative news outlets accompanies a less drastic decline in interest across the mainstream media and among some voters. An Initiative to Speed Up News Items on the Web : The company, in partnership with some publishers, is starting a service that will have the ability to load pages faster on the web through a browser. Obama Issues Rare Apology Over Bombing : Five days after the U.S. bombed an Afghan hospital, the president’s personal apology appeared to do little to satisfy the leader of the doctors group. There is real uncertainty on whether the operation will ever be able -- for either legal or political reasons -- to get to the core of its mandate," he wrote in a briefing note last week. The organization tweeted graphics explaining the scientists\' work. Congenital defects in mismatch repair are known, for example, to cause a hereditary variant of colon cancer. The winners were Eric Betzig, Stefan W. Hell and William E. Moerner. In certain years, mainly during World Wars I and II, no prize in chemistry was awarded. The committee also will announce prizes in literature, peace and economics in the coming days. The Democratic Party spent 1999 in a state of almost unbroken panic.', '2015-10-08': "FBI Director: Lack Of Data On Police Shootings Is 'Ridiculous' And 'Embarrassing' : The lack of accurate information about police-involved shootings is roiling the nation’s law enforcement community, leavingVolkswagen To Stop Delivery Of 2016 American Diesel Models : WASHINGTON (AP) — Volkswagen plans to withdraw applications seeking U.S. emissions certifications for its 2016 model JettasHillary Clinton's Wall Street Reform Plan Rebukes Obama's Enforcement Record : But she stops well short of Bernie Sanders' call to break up the banks. ' She would do well to talk to 23-year-old Elvedin Goljica. The Kosovo-born student might seem a poster boy for integration. For him it is mostly to do with xenophobic jokes, pointed questions about his name, and occasional encounters with rude officials. Even as Russia upped its military efforts, however, President Vladimir Putin signalled willingness to restart diplomatic negotiations over Syria’s future — albeit on his terms. The question now is whether it will last. Yet the US has been insisting that nothing else will change. @ And this as much of the Middle East burns. @ I don’t believe it’s going to meet the high bar I have set.” @ We expect the intervention will generally slow down in the following months. ”", '2015-10-09': "Our Main Weapon Against Hackers Is A 30-Year-Old Law : Its vague wording often leads to outlandish maximum sentences for hackers -- and some lawmakers want them to be even stricter. Fast food is bad for you, whether in your stomach or your portfolio. As secretary of state Mrs Clinton was closely involved in negotiations for the very pact she is now against. There is essentially no room left for easing in the industrial world. There is an old proverb: “You do not want to know the things you can get used to.” It is all too applicable to the global economy in recent years. Energy stocks advanced with the price of oil. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 138.46 points, or 0.8 percent, to 17,050.75. The Fed has kept interest rates near zero for nearly seven years now. Precious and industrial metals futures ended lower. Russia's media war - CNN : Shock and awe? The country's most advanced weaponry looks great in action. Presidential poll results vary depending on how the pollsters ask about it.", '2015-10-10': 'Spying Inquiry on U.S. Envoy Is Falling Apart : The home and office of Robin L. Raphel were raided last year in search of evidence that she was spying for Pakistan. About a third of Chinese own credit cards, up from 15 per cent five years ago. @ If the Inca sun gods have been hiding in Lima, as the chieftains of the global economy gathered over the past week, it is because they were given plenty of reason to go into hiding. @ The fund now expects the global economy to grow at 3.1 per cent, its slowest growth rate since the 2007-8 financial crisis and the recession that followed in many big economies. @ Beijing did not garner many plaudits either for its handling of the renminbi devaluation . @ There is also the view through the other end of the telescope. For a bunch of Europeans, one answer was decidedly depressing. The two things, of course, are connected. They have come for the king of the financial data and analytics business and missed. @ It never takes much imagination to be gloomy about the global economy. Somewhere, something is always going wrong, usually in many places at @ once. Currently, being a pessimist has seldom been easier. Since July, the IMF has scattered minus signs all over its forecasts. Has Russian President Vladimir Putin succeeded in his oft-stated goal of reasserting Russia as a great global power by filling a geopolitical vacuum in Syria?', '2015-10-11': 'Global Talks Put a Focus on the Fed : At the root of the debate has been whether the Fed’s decision to hold interest rates near zero has increased investor confidence in the markets or hurt it. Mitch McConnell Has No Dance Partner In The House : Mitch McConnell has no dance partner in the House. Benghazi Committee Chair: Staffer Fired For Classified Info Breach : The staffer says he was fired for not sufficiently focusing on Hillary Clinton. Republicans Are Fed Up With Their Party, But Fired Up For 2016 : GOP voters see their party as deeply divided, but are happy with their presidential contenders. Russian Air Assault Hits Rebels, Helps Assad Regain Lost Ground : "The Russians are using scorched earth policy," said one insurgent leader. Court In Iran Convicts Iranian-American Journalist Jason Rezaian : DUBAI/WASHINGTON, Oct 11 (Reuters) - A court in Iran has convicted Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, Iran\'s ISNA newsIraqi National Reconciliation: A Way to Tackle IS : The country has intensified its attempts at national reconciliation. Notably, Iraq has sent diplomats to countries that have faced similar sectarian problems, with the aim of finding ways to speed the reconciliation process.', '2015-10-12': 'Never mind that the Dow Jones index plunged by 1,000 points in just a few minutes on Monday morning (before later rallying). Cornerstone investors get the full allocation they request in return for accepting a lock-up period, typically six months. @ A little bit more self-confidence (is what is needed). Growth has returned to all but  one of the euro zone countries and it\'s picking up and becoming  broader. We need to cut red tape, open up markets, make sure it\'s easier  for people to start businesses and easier to get finance. Written by CNBC\'s Holly Ellyatt, follow her on Twitter @HollyEllyatt. Kim Jong Un has had good harvests so far,” says one South Korean official. “ This will be the first time he is squeezed. ” But it has also brought conflict as countries such as the US fret about their own food security issues. @ Everybody loves disruption, except the people who are being disrupted. Scott Disick Cries Over Split From Kourtney Kardashian In \'KUWTK\' Preview : "I made the worst decision I\'ve ever made in my life. "', '2015-10-13': 'Millennial Women Are Actually Pretty Optimistic About Workplace Equality : Poll suggests young working women don\'t see as many barriers to success as those who came before. Tesla\'s Elon Musk Is Thinking About Designing An Electric Plane : Your flight to Europe could one day be completely powered by rechargeable batteries. In a Flurry of Deals, the Beginning of the End? : This is the 11th consecutive decline and the worst pace since May. Economists were forecasting a 16.5 per cent drop. @ The "problem" with this report is that it favours China\'s old economy. The downturn means this figure will have taken a substantial dip. Tearing up our rights at work would strengthen that view. Two decades ago, hedge funds seemed omnipotent. Peer-to-peer markets used to be simple: there was eBay. Then came the local marketplace Craigslist and, before long, peer-to-peer markets were linking buyers and sellers in every market imaginable: crafts (Etsy) chores (TaskRabbit) transport (Uber) accommodation (Airbnb) consumer loans (Zopa) and even booze (Drizly). @ In the 10 years to 2014, trade between Africa and China increased 20-fold to more than $200bn. No one is sure which path the world will follow nor whether policy is sufficiently strong to influence the outcome. @', '2015-10-14': 'When Butterflies Shouldn\'t Fly Free : Scientists find that releasing captive-bred monarch butterflies can unwittingly spread disease to healthy populations ofWalmart Aims at Cloud Tech : Walmart is giving away some cutting-edge software to make it easier to switch cloud suppliers. Walmart’s retail nemesis, Amazon, is also the No. The Huge Trade Deal No One Is Talking About : It’s the most important international trade deal no one is talking about. It\'s been a rally here and the question is: Is this just a bounce?" The earnings season will help us a little with that. Looking at the consumer numbers here in the U.S., they are still very strong." The company makes almost a quarter of its sales in Brazil. The brewing company surged after AB InBev announced that it had reached an agreement to buy SABMiller. But the results, which beat meagre expectations, did not impress. " Government bond prices rose, pushing the yield on the 10-year Treasury note down to 2.04 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( But in the last 10 years, much has changed,” Mr Evans said, describing the mission as enabling “the world to sell to China, and to help China to sell to the world”. What are the chances that they will soon rise? The base would replace one at Futenma in the densely populated south of Okinawa. @', '2015-10-15': 'Gene Editing Takes a Big Leap : Scientists were able to alter many of the animal’s genes at once and see it as a step toward pig organs one day being safe for human transplantation. Yields on five-year government bonds have fallen from 3.47 per cent in early AprilThe future of a secretive Hong Kong-based business network at the heart of China’s advance into Africa has been thrown into doubt after reports its frontman, a tycoon with seven names and ties to the intelligence services, is involved in a Communist party investigation. @ Yet boring headlines hide very interesting trends beneath the surface. It used to be said that when the US sneezed, the world economy caught a cold. This has big implications for global economic risks. @ Some stuffed $100 bills in his shirt pockets without taking a lime. But demographics eventually trumped passion. They brought about a constitutional amendment." Part of its power came from its singular focus. And if you are against us we will defeat you. People were saying, \'Where are we going to get the money to keep the lights on?\' Wheeler died of exhaustion at age 58 in 1927. Money and deceit, though, can only bend reality for so long. Congress subsequently required a health warning on cigarette packages. Today that number is under 18%, according to the CDC. But some observers cite current events as well. Things are always moving; it\'s never static. "', '2015-10-16': "HUFFPOLLSTER: Bernie Sanders Wins Focus Groups And Social Media, But Hillary Clinton Wins Post Debate Polls : Focus groups, social media and search data suggest a Bernie Sanders debate win, but a new HuffPost/YouGov poll tells a very different story. And we preview the polling on next week's elections in Canada. This is HuffPollster for Friday, October 16, 2015Results below targets? It is probably true, though the place is so big and opaque, who will ever really know? @ On Thursday, Taiwanese semiconductor manufacturer TSMC joined the list. Industry insiders said the two sides were aiming to agree a commercial pact in time for next week’s visit, that would lead to a final investment decision on the plant shortly afterwards. Follow the New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter. The good news is that global recessions are very rare. Economists, on the other hand, have predicted none of them. The quiet, tree-lined streets of Brooklyn Heights have long been among the most sought after for real estate in New York City. The main border crossing station between Hungary and Serbia later reopened. More than 2,800 have drowned or disappeared during the perilous journey. Most of Eastern Europe has resisted committing to a number.", '2015-10-17': 'Hawaii Governor Declares Homelessness \'State Of Emergency\' : The state saw a 23 percent increase in its homeless population between 2014 and 2015.The Debate We Have, the Debate We Need : While I\'m pleased that we are seeing at least Democrats having a substantive discussion on the use of force in Middle East conflicts, it\'s still not the serious and comprehensive discussion about US policy in the Middle East we so desperately need. That\'s what the market is focused on," said Quincy Krosby, a market strategist at Prudential Financial. " Are we seeing a pickup in demand overseas and in the United States, and if so, which sectors? The Dow is down 3.4 percent, while the S.&P. 500 is off 1.3 percent. But excluding the energy sector, we\'re looking for 6 percent growth, which is consistent with what we saw earlier this year." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Innovation in China: Promise or Pipedream? : But can China evolve into an innovation powerhouse? Tension Builds Between 2016 GOP Rivals Rubio And Bush : Though describing Obama, it\'s a slight to Rubio.', '2015-10-18': 'Changing Times: Democrats Talking Again About New Gun Laws : Democrats say support for new gun laws is broader and the politics of the issue have shifted enough to make the push for tougher measures a political winner. On Friday, it rose 3.2 per cent to 2971.16, its highest in nearly six months. Big investment banks such as Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are running with the bulls. One of the big losers of all this will be commodities and countries like Australia and Brazil,” she says. It’s a simple property boom: it’s Dubai, it’s Miami. Only 2-3 per cent of the population can afford to live in these buildings. And it’s not just in Beijing and Shanghai. Mr Chanos, like Mr Hendry has put money behind his scepticism. But shorting China is not straightforward. “ China has, after all, confounded bears many times over the past few years. Andy Xie, a former Morgan Stanley economist known for his bearish views about Shanghai’s property market, says that investors such as Mr Chanos and Mr Hendry do not “get” the fact that the Chinese economy is different from western ones. After a brief surge, property will fall, he believes. “ The government is holding the market down by throwing ice on it.', '2015-10-19': 'What a Big Tax on Soft Drinks Can Do : In Mexico, such a tax has driven down consumption of sugary drinks, which could be an important public health measure if adopted in the United States. China last month announced a plan to raise efficiency at state groups. It was the slowest quarterly growth rate since the first quarter of 2009 but higher than expectations of 6.7 per cent in a Bloomberg poll. @ No production targets or investment figures will be announced. But that utopian ideal is starting to be turned upside down. World Briefing; United Nations Advocating Legalization of Drugs? Disney\'s New \'Frozen\' Plane Makes It Harder Than Ever To \'Let It Go\' : No, Elsa will not be a flight attendant. The police have rejected this announcement," a ministry statement said. " Such unilateral approach on the part of the Republic of Croatia will not contribute to resolving the situation. " More than 3,100 have drowned or disappeared during the perilous journey. From there, they try to reach the more sought-after EU nations for migrants such as Germany and Sweden. Most of Eastern Europe has resisted committing to a number.', '2015-10-20': 'Western Wall Proposal Raises Concerns at U.N. : United Nations officials have objected to an Arab proposal to make one of Judaism’s holiest sites part of the Al Aqsa Mosque compound in Jerusalem. About 67 percent of the respondents thought Hong Kong\'s competitiveness will decline in 2016. Hong Kong scored low marks for innovation. Read MoreHas Hong Kong lost its center of vice? " The rhetoric in advance of the meeting has been warm. Supporters of Xi turned out early Tuesday to welcome him on his way to the palace. We have families, pregnant women, small babies, the elderly, three generations of families, an old woman in a wheel chair. They are in a desperate situation," said Melita Sunjic of the U.N. refugee agency. " It was just before Christmas 2008 and he was riding high. The: U.S. stocks mustered a slight gain in the final moments of trading on Monday, capping a day of listless action that had the market headed for a downbeat close. Other commodities also fell, hurt by a strengthening dollar. Normally you would say it is demand, but because pretty much every commodity is getting hit today. Hong Kong\'s Hang Seng ended little changed. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2015-10-21': "St. Louis County To Reform Policing Standards : The new rules would bring officer recruiting and training and use-of-force policies in line with basic standards. With Biden Out, Clinton Likely To Get A Bump In The Polls : Even when she was the front-runner in 2007, Clinton wasn't polling this well. Support For Marijuana Legalization Back At An All-Time High : Nearly 6 in 10 Americans are in favor of legalizing marijuana. Tax Ruling Singes Starbucks  : Alki L.P., a former Starbucks subsidiary, is said to have collected royalties for a coffee bean roasting recipe, which let Starbucks slash its Dutch taxes. Yum shares rose @ 3.8 per cent to $74.41 in midday trading. Without careful management and co-ordination, it is possible these faultlines become systemic, with the Chinese renminbi the potential catalyst. They also come at a cost to the reform process itself. They introduced new technologies, nurtured local managerial capabilities, created jobs and upgraded China’s export competitiveness. The challenge from local competitors has become increasingly fierce. Unfortunately their adjustment to the reality in China has not been working well. @ Britain has long been courting Chinese capital to finance everything from railways and residential property to nuclear power stations. Unfortunately, he could not have picked a worse time to move the Trans-Pacific Partnership through Congress. Republicans and Democrats are engaged in intraparty civil wars.", '2015-10-22': 'In Wielding Rarely Used Veto, President Puts Budget Heat on Republicans : In rejecting a $612 billion defense policy bill, the president signaled his determination to use it as a bargaining chip to push Republicans to abandon strict spending limits. Its shares rose as much as 10 percent after-hours. The CSRC was chastised for its handling of the stock market turmoil . The MNI China Business Indicator jumped 8.4 per cent to 55.6. MNI, a part of Deutsche Börse Group, surveyed 200 companies listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges. Kerry Sounds a Cautious Note of Optimism After a Meeting With Netanyahu : But the secretary of state urged Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel to soften the language that American and European officials believe is fueling violence in the country. The good news: Markets have gotten used to our dysfunctional political system. US threatens to stop helping Iraq against ISIL if Baghdad asks Russia for help. The terrorists must be rejoicing," the tweet said. https://t.co/ZsR041AAVJ— Kal Penn (@kalpenn) October 21, 2015 "The Russian Federation ambassador to the UK tweeted this Harold & Kumar pic with seriousness. @kalpenn it is rather hard to spot an actual terrorist laughing. Now he has only one tool left, and that is propaganda. And that is why he is so popular in Russia.', '2015-10-23': 'Facebook Admits Its App Drains iPhone Battery, Releases Fix : It wasn\'t just you. Facebook really is making your iPhone die faster. On Fridays, CNN answers one of our audience\'s climate change questions as part of the Two Degrees series. Ask your question by filling out this online form. CNN)Two of my passions are fishing and ocean conservation. " This is an excellent point, and one with many layers. We know that carbon dioxide is increasing globally and the oceans absorb huge amounts of CO2 each year. However the same isn\'t true for species such as oysters, clams, sea urchins, shallow water corals, deep sea corals and plankton. China is not always synonymous with the concept of innovation. Dangerous crossingMigrants arrive on the shores of the Greek island of Lesbos after crossing the Aegean Sea from Turkey on a dinghy on September 9, 2015. Read MoreBut the region has other trouble spots, as well, including Eritrea, Libya, Gambia and Nigeria.: Texas Instruments beat earnings projections and at the same time gave an upbeat outlook for the current quarter. The sector is down 2.7 percent this year. Wholesale gasoline rose 2.6 cents, to $1.307 a gallon on the New York Mercantile Exchange, while heating oil rose 1.5 cents, to $1.465 a gallon. Precious and industrial metals futures were mixed. United States government bond prices rose. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Freddie Mac Yields: Average for Some Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Securities. (', '2015-10-24': 'Hurricane Patricia Weakens To A Tropical Storm : U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said tens of thousands of American citizens were believed to be vacationing orKerry: Israel And Jordan Agree On Steps To Reduce Tensions : JERUSALEM (AP) — Looking to reduce tensions at a Jerusalem holy site that set off weeks of Mideast violence, U.S. SecretaryEurozone Crisis: Anti-Austerity Bloc Wins Majority, Blocked From Power : Portugal has entered dangerous political waters. For the first time since the creation of Europe’s monetary union, a memberUber Could Be World\'s Most Valuable Start-Up If $1 Billion Fund-Raising Goal Reached : Just three months after raising an enormous sum of money from investors, Uber is at it again. Investors also welcomed an interest rate cut by China\'s central bank and the possibility of more economic stimulus for Europe. " The S.&P. 500 index climbed 22.64 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,075.15. Some companies failed to live up to expectations Friday. Pandora Media tumbled 35.4 percent after the Internet radio giant reported a loss for the third quarter and gave a weak outlook. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph A Trader On the Floor of the New York Stock Exchange On Friday. Strong Quarterly Reports From Tech Outfits Encouraged the Market. (', '2015-10-25': 'Iran\'s Corruption and Human Rights Overlooked : The government claims to be working to improve Iran\'s human rights records, but many have observed that Rowhani\'s promises have not even begun to be fulfilled. Fraud Claims Delay Elections in Two Ukrainian Cities  : Late Saturday, with just 12 hours before polls were to open, election officials said they had discovered printing flaws on the ballots and destroyed them. Tax Laws Make Delaware a Haven for Art Collectors   : Laws allowing art to be shipped to and even bought and sold within a storage space with tax advantages has encouraged more art warehouses to open. Tony Blair: 2003 Iraq Invasion Contributed To Rise Of ISIS : "It\'s not clear to me that, even if our policy did not work, subsequent policies have worked better," he said. Bernie Sanders Points To Clinton\'s Shifts On Issues In Iowa Speech : DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — Bernie Sanders sharpened the contrast with Hillary Rodham Clinton on a bevy of liberal causes onPro-Immigration Protester Violently Dragged Out Of Trump Rally : Not everyone at Trump\'s first official campaign rally in Florida was on board with his message. Portugal\'s Democracy Cracks Under Weight Of Austerity : The country’s president reappointed a center-right government despite majority support for anti-austerity parties. Trump, Carson Maintain Lead In Iowa And New Hampshire: Poll : The two insurgent candidates continue to dominate the GOP presidential field.', '2015-10-26': "Ted Cruz's Unique Fundraising Strength : Cruz’s un\xador\xadtho\xaddox campaign has hit on a fundraising formula that no other candidate has been able to match: raising millionsThey Also Own the Moment  : The financial prudence of Fred Wilpon, the principal owner, and his son Jeff, the chief operating officer, appears to have been the right course despite harsh criticism. President Putin has some practice in peacemaker pivots. And, in Putin's eyes, they will have him to thank. Gratulacje dla PJK, BSz i PiS, wyrazy szacunku dla Wszystkich Którzy Walczyli. CNN's Vasco Cotovio contributed to this report. China produces about half of the world’s aluminium, which is used in the construction, transport, and automotive sectors. Personnel appointments and policies decided during the plenum will reflect the competition among factions for influence over future generations of leaders. @ What does the future hold for the world’s ageing populations? Growth fell, deflation set in and capital investment flatlined. Nominal interest rates stayed incredibly low for a long time. @ That outcome, however, owed much to events outside Japan. People born in the 1970s were just entering the workforce. All of this allowed real wages to fall. @ Taken together, lower wages and higher asset prices could mean only one thing: rising inequality. Germany is struggling to cope with immigrants. The authorities have lost count because many have not registered. It does not take a genius to notice a common theme for European investment banks: retreat. @", '2015-10-27': 'Benghazi Hearings Didn\'t Improve Americans\' Opinions Of Anyone : Hillary Clinton\'s testimony mostly confirmed what people already thought of the candidate -- and the lawmakers grilling her. Is Hillary Clinton Really Surging In Iowa? : New York Times Editorial: Politicians Stymie Progress On Police Brutality : Some politicians "want to soft-pedal or even ignore police misconduct. " Japan’s prime minister received an honorary doctorate in Turkmenistan and opened a new opera house in Uzbekistan before arriving in the @ Kyrgyz capital Bishkek yesterday. Philips’ $2.9bn deal to offload its lighting components business was thrown into doubt on Monday after US regulators expressed “unforeseen concerns” over the sale to a consortium of Chinese private equity investors. @ The age of our bomber fleet requires new thinking and new capabilities," Carter said. " F-16s can travel 1,500 mph, or Mach 2, at altitude. The jets are specially designed for close air support of ground forces. They were first used in Operation Desert Storm in 1991. In future, consumers will be able to specify traits, such as coat colour. Biologists at Harvard University had managed to snip out 62 retroviruses from pig kidney cells. He now wanders the world preaching the virtues of secure communications and libertarianism. @ Comparisons aside, Durov has certainly packed a lot into his 30 years and retains grandiose plans for the future. But after five years of political gridlock, that may be the inherent genius of it.', '2015-10-28': 'Action Unlikely This Week, but Early and Gradual Rate Rise Is Still Fed&#8217;s Goal  : The case for increasing the benchmark rate has weakened since the summer, as the global economy struggles and domestic growth idles. It will further destabilise a region that is characterised by misrule, sectarianism, regional rivalries and four civil wars that have killed hundreds of thousands of people and displaced millions. @ In the past 15 years, its global approach has fluctuated. President George W Bush pursued a muscular grand strategy aimed at imposing America’s will on the world. His invasion of Iraq is one of history’s finest own goals. Despite his high-profile job, he works hard and successfully to stay out of the public eye — Cascade declined to speak for the purposes of this article. @ Nevermind the resilience of the Chinese consumer. @ Few now expect the Fed to raise interest rates this year. Its shares were down more than 9 percent. Earnings continued to pour in after the close of regular trading. United States government bond prices rose. The dollar fell to 120.40 yen and the euro edged down to $1.1040. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Now, legislators are trying to roll it back, angering public health experts.', '2015-10-29': 'U.A.W. Leaders Approve Proposed G.M. Contract : The wage proposal matched that in the Fiat Chrysler contract, but G.M.’s workers would get an $8,000 signing bonus — double the amount at Fiat Chrysler. In China, fakery knows few limits — as Goldman Sachs has found out. Its market capitalisation will be about $3bn. Both sides have a responsibility to proceed with appropriate caution. Many asset prices are unsustainably high. It is on this last score that China gives cautious grounds for confidence. But the Fed indicated that it was a little more worried about the domestic economy. Yields on Treasury notes affect rates on mortgages and many other kinds of loans. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Two of my oldest friends have recently taken a strong dislike to their jobs. Both report the same symptoms — disillusionment, apathy and a conviction that the work is entirely pointless. @ Between us we have notched up about 110 years service. @ Why is it, I’ve been wondering, that these particular two are so fed up, while the other two of us are fine? All of us do relatively stimulating jobs. We are all old hands at dealing with that. The German chancellor had won three successive election victories. That compares with a €2.9bn net profit a year earlier.', '2015-10-30': "Chinese Tycoon Defends Xi&#8217;s Relatives, and Himself, on Business Deal : Mr. Wang said President Xi Jinping’s relatives had sold their shares in his company two months before its initial public offering, missing out on a “fortune” in capital gains. You could have a second child if you or your partner were yourself an only child. In the near term, the biggest pay-off for China is that reserve status for the RMB could act as a catalyst for capital inflows from the world’s central banks, who might be tempted to increase the share of their reserves that are invested in China. @ Imagine taking specific genes out of your body to reduce your chances of becoming obese or getting diseases like cancer or Alzheimer's. A medical breakthrough like that would be historic. It would spare millions from pain and suffering. Researchers decided to learn how bacteria do that. CRISPR stands for clustered, regularly interspaced, short palindromic repeats. Think of Cas9 as the scissors that snip the DNA. Suddenly there would be no shortage of available donor organs. What's happening nowRobust CRISPR research is ongoing. Remember, obesity costs society a lot of money. Journalist Carina Storrs contributed to this report. But the U.N. now admits, that's not going to happen. For advocates like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, that's bad news. Some say the solution consists of just two words: Look up. That shorter distance will speed up delivery of the signal.", '2015-10-31': "U.N. Chief Says World&#8217;s Failure to Act on Suffering Is a &#8216;Disgrace&#8217; : Ban Ki-moon, the secretary general of the United Nations, said on Saturday that the world had responded with “disturbing paralysis” to conflicts around the globe and their devastating impact on civilians. Bernie Sanders Won&#8217;t Kiss Your Baby. To Mr. Sanders, political schmoozing is a phony business, but by skipping personal interactions when stumping, especially in early states, he risks failing to connect with undecided voters. This Congressman Is Really, Really Happy The Mets Won A World Series Game : He's been writing about them on Facebook. Paul Singer, Influential GOP Billionaire, Throws Support To Rubio : Oct 30 (Reuters) - One of the wealthiest and most influential Republican donors is throwing his support behind the presidentialDiscordant Verdicts on U.S. Forces in Syria: Too Much, or Too Little : Critics in both parties said President Obama’s decision to send a small team of American commandos into Syria reflected a tactical shift rather than a comprehensive strategy. Protecting civilians in wartime is a cornerstone of the international system and the United Nations. Indifference will only make our world far less secure. Our continued failure to act is a disgrace and a stain on the conscience of the world. Even war has rules; it is time to enforce them.", '2015-11-01': ': \xa0 Global Chill, Local Impact "A Global Chill Hits Home" (Oct. 25) looked at the effects across the country of a global slump in demand for commodities like oil, steel and soybeans. The article drew 143 comments to nytimes.com. The following have been edited and condensed. > These industries are cyclical -- that is not news. Paul, Albany This is not only an American story; it is a Canadian story, a Brazilian story, a Nigerian story, an Australian story. There are no easy solutions, but restoring our own infrastructure could mitigate a lot of problems, put people to work and create demand. Vanadias, Maine The Phillips curve depends on an assumption: that employers will actually pay higher wages for labor when unemployment is low. Photos: Turkey elections: Winners and losers Photos: Turkey elections: Winners and losersHide Caption 1 of 4 Photos: Turkey elections: Winners and losersHide Caption 2 of 4 Photos: Turkey elections: Winners and losersHide Caption 3 of 4 Photos: Turkey elections: Winners and losersHide Caption 4 of 4Speaking from his hometown of Konya, Davutoglu hailed the outcome as a "day of victory" and said "our democracy has won. " The center-left Republican People\'s Party, or CHP, came in second place, receiving 134 seats. Authorities blamed ISIS militants for the attack. Street-to-street fighting has turned parts of the southeast into battle zones. How can Turkey overcome this polarization? CNN\'s Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.', '2015-11-02': 'Irish Drug Maker Shire Agrees to Buy Dyax in Deal Worth Up to $6.5 Billion : The transaction would be the latest in an acquisition spree by Shire since its tentative agreement to be bought by the drug maker AbbVie was terminated. Therefore they threw away the peace process and very blatantly played for the nationalistic vote -- and got it. " Among the AKP supporters, whatever AKP does is right," he said. That\'s unlikely to change any time soon," he said. "" Twitter has been periodically banned in the country. Now Turkey no longer has an independent judiciary. Economists had feared a print of 47.6, according to the consensus forecast. @ At present this is highly unlikely but not inconceivable. It will certainly not be enough of itself. But a combination of new technological opportunities and new approaches to a deal opens up fresh opportunities. Some thought she had just weeks to turn things around. Never mind that only yesterday she had towered above any other European leader. The Chinese have long historical memories. Of course, the British could pay a price with their chief ally, the US. No one will know the exact words they used. Here\'s What GOP Voters Thought About The Third Debate : Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz both had good nights. Obamacare Open Enrollment: 5 Things You Should Know : This story was originally published by Berkeley Wellness.', '2015-11-03': 'Clinton Ramps Up Appeals To Young Women : Laura Shadle likes Hillary Clinton. Will Erdogan Allow Greater press Freedom In Turkey? The petition has received more than 18,000 signatures. That\'s more than the 216,000 who crossed into Europe in 2014. Many arrive wet, hungry and tired after paying huge amounts of money to risk their lives on small, crowded boats. Even those who survive endure harrowing conditions. I tell them it\'s 95% sure that you will die," he said. CNN\'s Arwa Damon, Susannah Cullinane, TIm Lister and Khushbu Shah contributed to this report. People need to stop jumping to conclusions. GOP Gov.-elect Matt Bevin wants to change that. Click through the gallery to see other US aircraft carriers. It could be used to support operations against ISIS in the Mideast. The newest Kennedy will be the second carrier of that name. The carrier was decommissioned 20 years ago. We do studies out in the field as well as in the lab. Lower pitches tend to be associated with bitter tastes and higher pitches with sweet tastes.', '2015-11-04': 'Foreign investment flows to Myanmar have tailed off since a mini-boom just before the military junta stood aside, as cooler relations with China, a tricky business environment and persistent sanctions drag on this new commercial frontier. @ While overseas commercial interest is more consistent and diverse than before the March 2011 transition, a plunge in Chinese investment has not yet been fully matched by the emergence of Singapore as a gateway to a state at Asia’s strategic crossroads. @ In Mr Trump’s world, the biggest winner of all is, of course, The Donald himself. In a typical rhetorical flourish, Mr Trump once argued that America is “going down fast. We’re a laughing stock all over the world.” ( But the price has fallen back and stands at $1,675. @ Other base metals such as copper, nickel, and aluminium have also given up recent advances. We are not saying that now, or next week, or next month will represent the ideal buying point. Can 50 U.S. troops in Syria make a difference? - Story highlightsCan such a small contingent of troops, even if they\'re from the elite Special Operations units, have an impact? House Armed Services Chairman Mac Thornberry, a Texas Republican, warned that, "these steps may prove to be too little, too late. They will do "nothing to really change who controls what ground through greater Syria," he said. And he isn’t shy about telling E.T.F. brokers that to their faces.', '2015-11-05': 'Iranian President Criticizes Recent Arrests Of Journalists : Rouhani said hard-liners "misuse" remarks by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on the possible spread of U.S. influence in Iran as an excuse for the detentions. Paul Ryan\'s Plan For A Budget: Let Every Republican Decide : Nancy Pelosi called the new speaker\'s approach "challenging," "interesting" and "curious.": The paper\'s authors are John Asker, a professor of economics at the University of California, Los Angeles; Joan Farre-Mensa, an assistant professor at Harvard Business School; and Alexander Ljungqvist, a professor of finance at the New York University Stern School of Business. But a private company can plow ahead, more or less regardless. Other researchers had reached somewhat similar conclusions. Perhaps more important, there is a third way. Take Charles Fabrikant, chief executive of Seacor Holdings. It does not give out earnings guidance or hold quarterly conference calls. " It goes back to this being a long-term game." The further the ratio is below 100 percent, the better. Its annual advertising bill is well over $1 billion. That confidence is currently being severely tested. @ Growth momentum in much of sub-Saharan Africa is petering out.', '2015-11-06': 'Bush Remarks on Son’s Aides Rattle the Clan : Assertions in a new biography of the 41st president have exposed rifts in the Bush political dynasty. Marco Rubio, while still the underdog, is gaining significantly in the polls. A treatment that uses “molecular scissors” to edit genes has been used for the first time by UK medics successfully to treat a one-year-old girl with an “incurable” form of leukaemia. @ The girl, called Layla, is now cancer free and doing well, according to the hospital. @ Both signal a retreat from important areas of people’s lives: their bedrooms and their bank accounts. The effects on society have been equally grotesque. But as a practical measure it may have limited effect. It is not even clear how dramatic an impact it had in the first place. The biggest drop in China’s fertility rate (births per woman) occurred in the decade before the policy was introduced. Are they straws in the wind or just passing illusions? The tracker shows a close correlation with subsequent official EM GDP data over time. Detractors, meanwhile, demur that innovation simply means copying. Confidence continues to recover, aided by rising liquidity. @ That means the markets are looking for more easing, more stimulus and more financial sector reform.', '2015-11-07': 'Socialist Politician Says Bernie Sanders Helped Build Progressive Momentum For Seattle : Kshama Sawant was re-elected to Seattle\'s city council this week. Can Marco Rubio Convince Them He Is One? : The Encouraging Poverty News That Official Data Isn\'t Telling Us : How Census data is making the poverty rate look worse than it is. Actually, no, West Point and the other military academies are not free, technically or otherwise. Not only was the headline number strong, but there were upward revisions for prior months, the unemployment rate fell and wage growth accelerated." I think the odds are about 80 to 85 percent that they will move," Mr. Gapen said. That\'s what\'s going to dictate how accommodative or restrictive our policy is. And so I think we need to have communications which indicate that the path is going to be gradual." Student debt and car loans posted big increases. Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ; Binyamin Appelbaum contributed reporting from Washington. Microsoft’s Buyback Engineering : Microsoft’s stock finally returned to a nominal level not seen since before the 2000 tech collapse. But without share buybacks, it might not look quite so good.', '2015-11-08': "Backed by Nail Salon Owners, Shepherd of Reform Law Now Fights It : Assemblyman Ron Kim, who was instrumental in creating a law to protect workers, has since received tens of thousands of dollars in political donations from salon owners and industry groups. How Assesments Can Ruin Standards : I think there are plenty of reasons to oppose national standards no matter what standards they are, and plenty of reasons to believe that no set of national standards will ever accomplish any of the goals set for them. The 2014 parliamentary elections in India that brought the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) back to power, after ten years in the wilderness, reflected the desire of a young Indian electorate that wanted robust foreign policy (and economic reform).Weak in Polls and Betting All on 1 State : Jeb Bush, Chris Christie and John R. Kasich are trying to climb their way back in the presidential race by winning over voters with personal encounters in small towns, schools and senior centers. Hertz has quietly dropped one of the car rental industry's most unpopular surcharges: the cleaning fee. The following have been edited and condensed. The U.S. never properly recovered from the last recession. If you have a well-managed stock portfolio, you mostly did all right. Tom, Maine Letters for Sunday Business may be sent to sunbiz@nytimes.com.", '2015-11-09': 'Donald Trump\'s \'SNL\' Actually An Episode Of \'Curb Your Enthusiasm\' : "Curb your enthusiasm" would be a realistic campaign slogan for 2015.: VW Expected to Yield Cash and Culprits On Monday, Volkswagen is expected to announce that it is offering cash to the owners of diesel cars in the United States as it steps up its effort to recover some of the good will it lost after admitting that the vehicles were programmed to cheat on emissions tests. The strike is expected to shut down public services and is likely to disrupt public transportation and flights. Viewed from the other side of the commodities boom, the miracle seems more like a mirage. Violence in Sudan has cut the flow of oil that his teams worked so hard to develop. @ Still, Mr Zhou was right in many respects. Chinese imports fell 18.8 per cent in October from the same month a year earlier, a slight improvement from the 20.4 per cent year-on-year fall in September. The second-in-command at Agricultural Bank of China was detained on Monday, followed later in the week by the president of Dongfeng Motor Corporation and chairman of Asia’s largest carrier, China Southern Airlines. That means we will have a handsome majority to form the government. ” Donald Trump\'s \'SNL\' Actually An Episode Of \'Curb Your Enthusiasm\' : "Curb your enthusiasm" would be a realistic campaign slogan for 2015.:', '2015-11-10': 'The steady economic growth that Africa has enjoyed over the past decade is now waning. A new period of slow growth demands new and creative responses from African leaders. @ This compares with earlier projections of 3 per cent and 3.6 per cent respectively. @ Another slowdown in food prices pulled Chinese inflation lower in October, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. @ The proposal will be debated at a meeting in Paris next week of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which represents 34 of world’s richest countries. Drivers will also be eligible for free breakdown cover for three years. @ Mr Li’s spokesperson declined to comment. Three decades of violence, known as The Troubles, followed. Members of the Bloody Sunday Justice Campaign march in 2010. It was the first notable decline in the market in six weeks. The surprising strength could encourage the Fed to finally start to return interest rates to normal levels. " American crude oil fell 42 cents, or 0.9 percent, to $43.87 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart 3-Month Treasury Bills: High Rate at Weekly Auction. (', '2015-11-11': 'G.O.P. Candidates Battle Sharply on Immigration : Gov. John Kasich of Ohio and former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida tried to gain political momentum by heaping scorn on Donald J. Trump’s plan to deport unauthorized immigrants. Rampage by a Soldier Known for Loyalty Shakes Jordan, and a Family : Anwar Saad was a fierce nationalist and a deeply conservative Muslim. Hong Kong is not known for being cheap — except, perhaps, for plastic toys in the 1980s. At the opposite end of the spectrum sits Hong Kong property. Shoebox dwellings of 170 sq ft can cost up to $400,000. @ For the first time in centuries, China now affects the global economy as much as it is affected by the global economy. President Xi Jinping has rightly called for a “new form of great-power relationship”. And while we\'re realizing the benefits of our actions in recent weeks, it takes time for the actions underpinning this shift to take root." This has emphasized the transactional, less emotional aspects of our brand." Fox Business Network GOP Debate Draws Record 13.5 Million Viewers : The debate also set a record online, where 1.4 million people tuned in.', '2015-11-12': 'A Start-Up Taps Textingu2019s Potential : The company is trying to make it easier to accomplish tasks inside text messaging and to give other app makers the programming hooks that allow them to expand the abilities of text messages even further. The Times has two reporters on the front lines. Man Tied to &#8217;78 Lufthansa Robbery Is Acquitted of All Charges  : A federal jury in Brooklyn cleared Mr. Asaro, 80, on all counts in a trial for charges related to the 1978 Lufthansa robbery, along with other acts of racketeering and extortion. Today he might have said the same of China (though friendly is not the adjective that springs immediately to mind). Hit by challenging markets and onerous post-crisis regulation, bank profitability has been squeezed hard. And even fewer share Ben Carson\'s belief that the pyramids were grain silos.: Stock indexes ended lower on Wednesday after a day of wavering between small gains and losses. Macy\'s plunged 14 percent, its largest one-day drop in seven years. Macy\'s also said it would close more stores. That\'s bad for anybody that competes against Macy\'s," Mr. Lejuez said. The two largest beer makers in the world said they had hammered out the terms of a merger. Bond markets were closed for Veterans Day. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. (', '2015-11-13': 'Turkey Polishes Its Silver and Its Image for Global Meeting : The meeting of world leaders is an opportunity for a nation that has faced rising turmoil and instability to restore some of its luster on the world stage. Major market indexes opened lower and the selling accelerated as the day wore on. The drop in oil and metals prices hurt mining, metals and energy stocks. That would boost the dollar at the expense of the euro. The gains suggest investors are hoping for an improved offer. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.31 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( This leaves about a percentage point unexplained. Those backing this thesis point to two recent pieces of data. @ Despite China’s recent turmoil, retail sales growth accelerated in October, surpassing growth in fixed-asset investment for the first time since the year 2000.Yang Yuanqing, Lenovo’s chairman, hailed the Chinese group’s jump in smartphone sales abroad as a vindication of the decision to shift its focus away from the slowing and saturated local market towards countries including Russia and India. @ While the global economy is growing, it is growing too slowly. Recent polling misses at home and abroad give reason for caution. If this child grows up there, where will he go? The strikes have reportedly destroyed ISIS fighting positions, command and control facilities, weapon storage', '2015-11-14': 'False Alert Prompts Evacuation Near Eiffel Tower : PARIS, Nov 14 (Reuters) - The police cordon briefly put around the Pullman Hotel in Paris\' 15th district was a false alertWeekend Roundup: Victory in Myanmar for Democracy -- On a Leash : Pent-up democratic aspirations were unleashed this week in Myanmar\'s first free election in decades, resulting in a landslide victory for Aung San Suu Kyi and her opposition party. But as Mark Famaner and Hanna Hindstrom point out, it is "democracy on a leash" as the long-standing military rulers retain a constraining foothold through the current constitutional arrangement. If it stabilizes, Myanmar could have a bright future. After Paris Attacks : The "Real Time" panel struggles to find an answer. And the shifting views of one Republican presidential candidate seen by some as a rising star, Marco Rubio, are under attack. A Poet&#8217;s Election Victory Over a Former General Speaks of a New Myanmar : Perhaps no election victory was more eloquent than that of U Tin Thit, a poet and former political prisoner who defeated a former defense minister. But the tactic may have backfired in the latest accusations against him. Gen. Ronald F. Lewis — who held a job little known beyond Washington — for unspecified personal misconduct.', '2015-11-15': 'Why A Backlash Against Refugees Only Helps ISIS : “The more that happens, the more French Muslims feel alienated and are susceptible to extremist recruitment," one analyst says. Hillary Clinton Is Pulling Away From Bernie Sanders With Union Endorsements : Despite Sanders\' decades as a champion of labor, the big unions are gradually lining up behind the front-runner. Hillary Clinton Challenged For Defending Wall Street Donors By Citing 9/11 : "It was good for the economy, and it was a way to rebuke the terrorists who had attacked our country. " Bernie Sanders: \'It Is Not A Radical Idea\' To Ask For A $15 Minimum Wage : Sanders said some cities are already "doing it, and they are doing it well. " Hillary Clinton Put On The Defensive Over Middle East Policy : Her fellow candidates hit hard during the debate, questioning her record. Obama Loath to Add Troops to ISIS Fight : Even as the president searched for ways to step up the war against the terrorist group, White House officials again ruled out introducing substantial numbers of American ground troops. Ireland Adjusts Its Corporate Tax Attraction : The country has been accused of acting like a low-tax haven, giving breaks that have attracted international companies. Now Ireland is phasing out some breaks, but adding another.', '2015-11-16': 'House Bill Would Make It Harder To Prosecute White-Collar Crime : CEOs could be off the hook for even gross negligence. Abdelhamid Abaaoud: Who is Paris attacks \'ringleader\'? - He was killed in a police raid in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis on Wednesday. Gallant made a point to say he is not glad, but is relieved. Little is known about the man characterized as a low-ranking commander. He operates in the shadows, leaving his underlings to orchestrate his mandates. In one of them, he can be heard saying, "It\'s not fun seeing blood spilled, but it gives me pleasure from time to time to see blood of the disbelievers run because we grew up watching the blood of Muslims being spilled in the whole world on TV." In addition to Belgium, Abaaoud was allegedly in Germany as recently as last year. A third suspect was injured and taken into custody. Complete coverage of terror in ParisCNN\'s Jim Sciutto, Alanne Orjoux and Margot Haddad contributed to this report. Nowadays, the purse across the Pacific is no longer quite so open. But the social networking giant faces obstacles. The work version looks like the personal site  users can join groups, share files and swap messages. The difference is that no one outside their company can see any of it.', '2015-11-17': 'Senate Rejects Obama Plan to Cut Emissions at Coal-Burning Plants : The resolution, aimed at E.P.A. rules on coal-fired power plants, might make it harder for the president to negotiate a climate change accord in Paris in two weeks. New Poll Shows Mayor Has Lost Whites&#8217; Support  : Nearly half say that the city is a worse place to live under the mayor’s watch, and 51 percent say New York is now less safe, even as crime statistics reach historic lows. Marriott International @ is set to become the world’s largest hotel company by rooms offered after reaching a $12.2bn deal to acquire Starwood Hotels & Resorts, owner of brands including Sheraton, St Regis and W Hotels. @ Whether the Chinese renminbi should be permitted to join the Special Drawing Right is one of those questions that appears economically substantive at a distance but rather more politically tokenistic from close up. @ But it is not a substitute for Beijing continuing to liberalise financial markets and capital flows in order to promote the use of its currency abroad. Most Chinese citizens have a long way to go before entering the middle class. ” Two years ago, 150m iPhones sold and $10bn in annual App Store spending could not persuade Bobby Kotick to take an interest in mobile gaming.', '2015-11-18': "After Fleeing Home, Still No Sense of Security  : After fleeing their homeland to escape war and Islamist extremism, many now find that their long trek to the Continent may offer no guarantee of protection. The attackers are believed to have used encrypted means of communication. But they were also below the radar because they were able to sneak back into the country undetected. Part of this is due to lack of information-sharing. But France and Belgium are European neighbors. France suffered terror attacks in January this year. Has it not stepped up its intelligence response? This kind of thing should've been at a more prioritized level. Of those, 5,000 have been elevated to an additional level of concern. CNN's Tim Hume contributed to this report. Hillary Clinton's Pot Proposal Is Popular, But It Probably Won't Help Her Win : How to loosen marijuana restrictions is a key policy difference among the Democratic presidential front-runners. And his newer enterprise is a blockbuster, too. Certainly not in America, as Lynn Stout, a professor at Cornell University Law School, has pointed out. @ Shareholders in England have more rights — but even there, the obligation of a company director is to promote the success of the company for the benefit of the members.", '2015-11-19': "Annual U.S. Homeless Count Shows Tiny Decline : Looks like the government will fall short of its goal to end veteran homelessness this year. Others Fed officials, however, counseled against delay. Photograph From Left, the Federal Reserve Presidents William Dudley, Dennis Lockhart and Loretta Mester. ( A Japanese government scheme offering substantial cash bonuses to small companies that promote women into senior executive roles has received just one application after more than a year in operation. @ If the strikes go on like this they could stop oil production. ” Traders were also encouraged by more corporate deal news. The Nasdaq added 89.19 points, or 1.8 percent, to 5,075.20. Major stock indexes headed higher as trading began early Wednesday and maintained the momentum throughout the day. It briefly dipped below $40 a barrel for the first time since August. Precious and industrial metals prices were mixed. Soaring house prices bring a smile to a homeowner’s face. Maurice Obstfeld, however, had something more specific in mind. Judge Orders Chicago Police To Release Graphic Video Of Officer Shooting Teen 16 Times : The teen's mom is worried the footage is so horrific it will start riots.", '2015-11-20': "Closing a Window to Open the Door to Home Efficiency : Cutting back on energy waste — and cutting carbon emissions in the process — can take just a few simple fixes, a new study says. UnitedHealth Group's negative outlook on the health law isn't a good sign, but there's more to the story. US negotiators are more likely to use unethical tactics in business talks with Chinese than with other Americans, while Chinese are more likely to be unethical when dealing with people from their own country, according to research. @ Governments everywhere are debating whether and how far to raise the age of eligibility for state pensions because of the effect on the public purse. US regulators have licensed the production and consumption of a controversial genetically modified salmon. @ He had previously served as section chief in the agency’s issuance department. The US and Europe still live with the legacies of the financial crisis of 2007-09 and the subsequent eurozone crisis. Could better policies have prevented that outcome  and, if so, what might they have been? @ A recovery is under way, but only in a limited sense. The change in gross domestic product of crisis-hit countries is now almost universally positive.", '2015-11-21': 'Assault in Mali Reverses Gains on Extremism : The fatal attack on a hotel in Mali’s capital leads to questions about how a democratic society can protect itself from a few determined extremists. Trapped in a Cycle of Repair : After 30 hours on the phone with tech support for a frozen trackpad, three visits from a technician and a replacement unit, a Toshiba user was not happy with the company’s offer.: The stock market closed out its best week of the year Friday as big gains by retailers and technology companies pushed major indexes higher. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 91.06 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,823.81. He said investors had slowly gotten used to the idea that the Federal Reserve is going to raise interest rates. Meanwhile, new economic stimulus in Europe could strengthen the global economy. He said Urban Outfitters is "a name to own for bottom feeders." In October, Chipotle briefly closed all its restaurants in Oregon and Washington to stem the outbreak. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( It is actually such an abysmal idea that it seems farcical - except that it\'s not funny at all.', '2015-11-22': 'Bomb Threat Diverts Turkish Airlines Flight To Canada : HALIFAX, Nova Scotia (AP) — A bomb threat forced a Turkish Airlines flight from New York City to Istanbul to divert and landMarco Rubio Explains How House Bill Would Block Refugees : He says he supports the measure, which adds extra steps to an already lengthy vetting process. Chicago Sets November Snowfall Record As Midwest Walloped With Cold : The Windy City had its highest November snowfall total in 120 years. Hillary Clinton Proposes Tax Break That Would Reduce Costs For Family Caregivers : It\'s part of a series of tax cuts for the middle class that she will announce in the coming weeks. Former Prosecutor Helps Teen Who Was Given Life Sentence Win Release After 20 Years : Move follows Florida Supreme Court ruling that some juveniles sentenced to life in prison can be eligible for a new sentence. Goofball Delivery Driver Leaves Package In Most Ridiculous Place : "It was obviously a silly thing to do and this is very embarrassing," the delivery company admitted. Big Paydays for Pearson Defy Print Media Odds : The sales of The Financial Times and The Economist for about $2 billion cumulatively raise questions about whether the deals will pay off financially for the buyers.', '2015-11-23': 'OPEC comments show lost relevance ahead of meeting : Comments from Saudi Arabian officials stirred speculation OPEC could be considering abandoning its market-based  pricing strategy, but the cartel is unlikely to change policy  and it heads into next week\'s meeting less relevant than ever. West Texas Intermediate crude futures shot higher after the comments but then fell back and fluctuated. The comments echo others made by Saudi officials. But they did  come a day after Venezuela\'s oil minister said OPEC cannot allow  a price war and must act to stabilize prices. He said oil could  go as low as the "mid-$20s. The Saudis don\'t want to  accommodate them. WTI closed at $41.75, down 15  cents, but it had been more than $1 higher. " They know there\'s a lot of short interest in the market right  now. You can trigger a mini short squeeze that plays out over a  couple of hours. But appetite for sales on home turf appear less robust. The economic management of the past has reached its limit.” @ The US has been accused of sending mixed signals. The US continues to express concern over Chinese intentions. The technology analyses about 50 different factors to build a picture of a user from pressure applied to the pin-pad to how the phone is held, location, facial recognition and thumbprint.', '2015-11-24': 'Report Cites Human Error in Airstrike on Hospital : The intended target of an airstrike on a Doctors Without Borders hospital last month was a compound believed to be a Taliban base, military officials briefed on an inquiry said. It said that it would  be rolled out to more U.S. states after launching in California. " Russia called the incident a “stab in the back. ” To make true progress on climate change, we need new economic structures and new technology. @ But it will also bring benefits, creating new and more sustainable sources of prosperity. Green finance should not be another form of aid that wealthy nations will provide to poorer countries. Nor can it be state-backed project financing in disguise. The U.S. Is Depressingly Good At Putting Women Behind Bars : "Most women are in prison for crimes directly related to social inequity -- poverty, addiction, mental illness, domestic violence and trauma. " ArcelorMittal, the Netherlands-listed steel producer, towers over its peers. It has twice the capacity of the global number two, Japan’s Nippon Steel. Interest expense eats up a large portion of its profits and it has posted a net loss every year since 2011. @ Steel prices have fallen over the past year. Price deflation shows no sign of abating soon. @ Its ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, at three times, is no higher than its largest peers.', '2015-11-25': 'A Company Struggles, but It&#8217;s Not His Baby : Two years ago, George Zimmer was pushed out of the company closely associated with his face. The Westpac MNI China Consumer Sentiment indicator was 113.1 in November. The Chinese conglomerate, whose business interests span banking to aviation, has just snapped up a near 24 per cent stake in Brazilian low-cost carrier Azul for $450m. World trade is on track to grow at its slowest rate since the aftermath of the financial crisis, according to researchers, underlining the fragility of the global economic recovery. @ The GDP report comes as the Fed signalled that it will consider raising rates at its next meeting in December. In many cases it has already been overturned. @ “ The final set of numbers will come out on Dec. 22. Consumer attitudes in the United States should rebound. " Confidence won\'t remain at the soft November level." As the unemployment rate has fallen, there are signs that wages are finally beginning to pick up as well. Chart Real Economic Growth: Annual Rate of Change in the Gross Domestic Product, Based On Quarterly Figures Adjusted for Inflation and Seasonal Fluctuations. ( And we\'ve rounded up all the Thanksgiving surveys you need.', '2015-11-26': "Students at Trump Rally Become Part of a Venomous Political Lesson : Donald J. Trump’s heated language on surveillance of Muslims, immigration and Syrian refugees is firing up his crowds and at times resulting in physical clashes between supporters and protesters. Authoritarian governments can achieve many things by decree, but making babies is not one of them. There is a sex shortage, too: one recent survey showed that Chinese white collar workers slave so long in the office that half said they had intercourse less than once a month. The error adds to the legal and regulatory problems facing Citic Securities @ and other companies owned by China Citic Group, a financial and industrial conglomerate owned by China’s cabinet. The US company is far from the first to face copyright and trademark issues in China. The rout in Chinese stock markets over the summer triggered a sharp drop in equity indices across the world driven by concerns over a slowdown in China. He said it took 17 minutes for commanders to call off the assault on the building after being told by MSF it was a hospital. The SCMP confirmed late on Wednesday that it had received an early-stage offer but it declined to name the bidder. Trump Mocking Physical Disabilities Is Nothing New : The Republican candidate drew criticism for apparently making fun of a reporter's joint condition.", '2015-11-27': 'Number of Migrants Illegally Crossing Rio Grande Rises Sharply  : Once again, smugglers are bringing hundreds of women and children each day to the Mexican banks of the river and sending them across in rafts. Yet one of the few cuts actually passed now faces repeal. But many factories are also plagued by overcapacity and inefficiency. Li Keqiang, the Chinese leader, went one better. He showered Mr Najib with gifts — as if $700m was not enough. The two traded purchases in each other’s debt as lovers might trade poems. But the WHO overstates its case, in a way that could even create risks of its own. @ There are three ways to tell whether a substance causes cancer. Here, the WHO thought the evidence was moderate to strong. The second kind of evidence, animal testing, gave no grounds for concern. So the WHO leaned heavily on the third source: epidemiological data. Its great success was in linking smoking to cancer. In that case, smokers faced a risk of contracting lung cancer between nine and 25 times greater than did non-smokers. The organisation to which she is alleged to have sent it, Mirror Media Group, has denied receiving it from her. PetroChina, China’s largest oil company, has restructured its gas business, in a tentative first step towards a long-awaited reform that would create a gas pipeline monopoly in the country. @ Moscow also moved ahead on cutting tourism ties.', '2015-11-28': 'Ben Carson Visits Refugee Camp, Says They Are \'Really Quite Nice\' : "Recognize that in these camps they have schools, they have recreational facilities that are really quite nice. " The Re-Emergent Local Public Sphere : Many citizens are enthusiastic about improving their communities and local governments are employing new technologies to take advantage of this resurgence in civic energy. It was an answer as predictable as the question was inevitable. And the summit is due to run for nearly two weeks -- even if many of the major players will likely be in Paris for barely 24 hours. Terror groups tend not to target summits precisely because of the levels of security. It was a difficult decision to make but in the present context, the safety requirements are the priority. " More than 7 inches of rain have fallen in the Dallas area from Friday into Saturday morning, leading to widespread flooding, and more rain is expected into Sunday. Benjamin Floyd, 29, was unable to get out of his vehicle before it was submerged Friday, Garland city officials said.', '2015-11-29': 'E.U. Offers Turkey Over $3 Billion and Other Incentives to Stem Migrant Flow : European Union leaders met with Turkey’s prime minister on Sunday, promising aid and other inducements in exchange for Turkish action to clamp down on asylum seekers. Moscow has steadfastly maintained its jet was over Syria when it was downed. The incident left one pilot dead; another was rescued. Opinion: Russia will want to make Turkey payErdogan: \'Let\'s talk\'After days of tough talk after the incident, Erdogan struck a more conciliatory tone Saturday, saying his government was "really saddened" by the matter and insisting he did not want to ramp up tensions. But, unfortunately, it did," he said at an event in Balikesir. " We hope that the tensions with Russia will not grow and result in more saddening incidents. " We tell Russia, \'Let\'s talk about this issue within its boundaries, and let\'s settle it,\' " Erdogan said Saturday. " However, his comments fell short of the apology Moscow has demanded. CNN\'s Laura Koran, Anastasia Sobinyakova  and Greg Botelho contributed to this report.', '2015-11-30': "Even Conservatives Think The U.S. Is Failing On Day Care Support : Low-income workers with odd hours don't get enough help with childcare. VTech Hack Leaves Millions Of Parents -- And Their Kids -- Exposed : The breached database contained children's names, genders and birth dates. EPA Boosts Amount Of Ethanol In Gasoline Supply : More renewable fuels are good news for farm country. But ethanol critics say the levels are too high. India’s prime minister has issued a blunt warning that rich nations still have a moral imperative to lead the fight against global warming, highlighting the challenges facing the UN climate talks starting in Paris today. @ Anything else would be morally wrong,” he says. @ These outings feel especially indulgent given that we are trying to consume less red meat for both health and environmental reasons. @ The richer the country gets, the more meat its citizens crave. Beginning in 2010, China pledged to cut emissions of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and ammonia nitrogen as well as chemical oxygen demand (COD), a measure of organic pollutants in water. The pace of Japanese production rose at a brisk clip during the month of October, giving policymakers hope - if not more mixed messages - about the strength of the Japanese economy. @ They have been reliant on foreign ports for resupply.", '2015-12-01': 'The Paris climate change talks opened with pledges worth billions of dollars from dozens of heavily guarded world leaders yesterday. @ It was last above 50 - the threshold separating contraction from expansion - in February. Upload your video here or tag #2degrees on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. ( CNN)The introductions and formalities are over. Many officials will convene in working groups before coming together and potentially hashing out an agreement. I think the issue is just going to be the pace and how much damage is done before we are able to fully apply the brakes. Even the Pope weighed in on the magnitude of the conference. " Hide Caption 3 of 11 Photos: Climate change is real  Today, few attempt the ski run down Bolivia\'s Chacaltaya Glacier, even after a snowfall. They are the largest producers of greenhouse gases. Are we nearing a dramatic moment in economic history? That is hard to imagine but, before the industrial revolution happened, it too would have been hard to imagine. They would do so at a rate far beyond our comprehension. The idea that it might double in size every few weeks no longer seems quite so unimaginable. The Swiss franc is currently around 10 per cent stronger. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the plane violated Turkish airspace. Airspace has been a friction point in the past. Everyone must know that we are not that disreputable to make such a deal with terrorist organizations.', '2015-12-02': 'A Chinese Boom in Fossils Comes With a Downside  : The Tianyu Museum of Nature’s collection is at the center of China’s fossil boom, which many critics say has been tainted by counterfeits and trafficking. The Association of Southeast Asian Nations should be an economic powerhouse. Hopes for the potential on offer are accentuated by a slowdown that has depressed the region’s GDP growth rate to its lowest level since the 2008/09 financial crisis. @ That may be the wrong prescription for the economy. @ The gold standard was invented to constrain government spending. And lately, Republicans have found themselves yearning for such restraint. Instead, four years later, inflation remains unusually sluggish. The U.S. economy cannot be safely run on autopilot either." And partly it reflects a lack of careful understanding of how these earlier regimes work." Follow the New York Times\'s politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter. President Richard M. Nixon Firmly Closed the "Gold Window" in 1971. ( Its biggest single push came in 2004 with the addition of Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. JUST WATCHEDNATO\'s role in conflict between Turkey and RussiaReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHNATO\'s role in conflict between Turkey and Russia 02:01Another major area of contention is Syria. No one is saying that will happen anytime soon.', '2015-12-03': "At Least Global Warming Is Good For Someone! : Study finds rising temperatures benefit Alaskan snowshoe hares and possibly moose -- but don't get too excited. In April, Lufax raised $500m at a $10bn valuation. @ What price the fifth most visited website in the US? Of course, it is even worse than it seems. For several years, investors have been variously attracted by and frustrated with this conundrum. Rumours to that effect triggered a 7 per cent jump in Yahoo’s stock price in after-hours trading on Tuesday. It has not worked  quarterly earnings show a deterioration in performance and acquisitions have not paid off. Growth opportunities in media content have been grabbed and then abandoned. Such decarbonisation is achievable with current technologies. The slump in house building in China has driven half of the slowdown in the country’s economic growth since 2010 and is poised to weigh even more heavily in 2016, according to analysis by Standard Chartered. @ Benchmark United States crude settled below $40 a barrel for the first time since August. Yahoo has struggled for years to re-energize itself. Government bond prices fell after Ms. Yellen's comments. The dollar strengthened to 123.22 yen from 122.84 yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph A Trader On the Floor of the New York Stock Exchange On Wednesday. At Least Global Warming Is Good For Someone! :", '2015-12-04': 'Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Says Obama Policies Could Trigger Nuclear War With Russia : The Hawaii Democrat has been a persistent critic of Obama\'s foreign policy. Investors had expected the bank to step up its monthly purchases of bonds as well. " Expectations were high for this week\'s meeting. European bond prices fell sharply, sending yields higher. Investors now turn back to the United States. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( What we\'ve got is the bare minimum of what people were expecting." We are doing more because it works, not because it fails," he said. " We want to consolidate something that has been a success." Mr. Draghi said on Thursday that it could be extended beyond March 2017, "if necessary." Whether the measures announced on Thursday will make a difference remains to be seen. These measures need time to be fully appreciated. " But it can enhance its military support role. It can, for instance, deploy high-tech intelligence jets over Syria and northern Iraq to help other countries\' forces pinpoint targets. After Years Of Attempts, Republicans Pass Bill To Repeal Obamacare : GOP hopes it will "delight conservative voters." President Obama will veto it immediately. How do you gauge a commodity exporter’s exposure to China? Mongolia and Angola are at the top of its list.', '2015-12-05': 'In Wake of Shootings, a Familiar Call to Arms Drives Latest Jump in Weapon Sales : After the recent shootings in Paris, Colorado Springs and San Bernardino, Calif., background checks for gun purchases have increased, just as they did after the 2012 shootings in Newtown, Conn.Bush Team Tries to Soothe Donor Concerns : On Saturday, Mr. Bush’s aides tried to put their most optimistic spin on a campaign that, so far, has failed to meet — let alone exceed — its early expectations. Influx of Turkish Troops Angers Iraqi Officials : Turkey has sent more troops to northern Iraq to train Kurdish and Sunni Arab forces against the Islamic State, a move that officials in Baghdad called a violation of Iraqi sovereignty. Lawmakers Near Deal on Billions in Tax Cuts : Republican and Democratic negotiators closed in on a package of tax cuts for businesses and individuals that could exceed $700 billion in forgone revenues over a decade. Debate Yields Page 1 Editorial : “The Gun Epidemic,” The New York Times’s first front page editorial since 1920, says it is “a national disgrace that people can legally purchase weapons designed specifically to kill people with brutal speed and efficiency. ” On Friday, Mario Draghi said there would be “no particular limit” to the bank’s efforts. Fortunately, reason prevailed, and the PMD case against Iran has run its course, not with the bang anticipated by its supporters, but rather a whisper.', '2015-12-06': 'National Front gains expected as France goes to polls - CNN : Big gains expected for far-right as France votes in regional elections : Story highlightsPolls have opened in the first round of France\'s regional electionsThe far-right National Front is tipped to make big gains in wake of Paris attacksThe party, France\'s third-largest, has never controlled one of the country\'s regions before (CNN)Polls opened Sunday for the first round of France\'s regional elections, with the far-right National Front expected to make big gains in the wake of last month\'s terror attacks in Paris. Le Pen, the 47-year-old daughter of the party\'s founder, Jean-Marie Le Pen, appears set to take the huge northern region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie, an economically depressed area of some 6 million people that was formerly a heartland for France\'s ruling Socialist Party. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks. Given this kind of huge threat, which is literally a declaration of war to France, we cannot take the risk. " Not With This New Law : I will be glad to see NCLB left behind and RTTT stopped, but I do not see how ESSA is a victory for education in the United States. Other countries wouldn\'t allow their patent systems to justify such huge charges. Neither should we -- especially when Pfizer stops being an American company.', '2015-12-07': 'A Majority Of Americans Support Sending Ground Troops To Fight ISIS : Nearly 7 in 10 Americans say the U.S. has not been aggressive enough in fighting the terrorist group. The economy is on track for its weakest full-year growth in a quarter of a century. Despite steady growth in private sector funding in the past decade, the grip of the public sector could tighten further, with the Export-Import Bank of China having pledged $1tn to Africa in the coming decade, according to analysis by Baker & McKenzie, a law firm, and the Economist Corporate Network. @ But the mood is changing and investors are growing skittish. @ But Mr Amari said he expected a revision from 0.8 per cent to zero this week. @ More Pep : The activist investor offers to buy the car parts retailer for $15.50 a share in cash, topping the $15 a share that Bridgestone had bid. A second round of voting, which will determine the final results, will be held December 13. The region is an economically depressed area of some 6 million people that was formerly a heartland for Hollande\'s Socialist Party. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks. "" I had also warned ... the authorities very clearly that there will be in these immigrants terrorists, who will infiltrate ... and that\'s exactly what has happened," she said. "', '2015-12-08': 'If It Owns a Well or a Mine, It&#8217;s Probably in Trouble  : The mining giant Anglo American is cutting its global work force by more than half, while a quarter of a million workers in the global oil and gas industry have already been laid off. Report Details Lapses by City Housing Authority and Police Dept. : The company’s chief laid out its succession plan. As they have all year, oil drillers bore the brunt of the selling. The Dow gave up 117.12 points, or 0.7 percent, to 17,730.51. Precious and industrial metals futures ended broadly lower. Not only is Japan not in recession, it was growing strongly in the third quarter of 2015, as the country’s gross domestic product data cemented its reputation for unreliability. @ Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in jihad and have no sense of reason or respect for human life,” he said. The plane crashed the day before, killing all 224 people on board. The photo was taken in Sanliurfa, Turkey. Pro-government forces said they had recently made advances on areas held by Islamist jihadists. In response to the report, Pentagon spokesman Maj. " Follow @CNNpolitics Sign up for CNN Politics\' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today\'s best and tomorrow\'s essentials in politics.', '2015-12-09': 'Opposition in Venezuela Now Has to Fix the Ills That Led to Its Victory : Discontent over a failing economy led the opposition to an overwhelming majority in elections on Sunday, but victory sets up a power struggle between the Assembly and President Nicolás Maduro. Politics Are Dominating The Supreme Court This Week. If a majority of the justices get their way, the rules of the democratic process could get tougher than ever before. The internationalisation of the renminbi means, however, that Chinese exporters and importers increasingly can send and receive payments in renminbi, rather than US dollars. @ Its opening day “pop” ranked just fifth among US initial public offerings in the year to date, and 27th in the past five years. @ But if a Hong Kong IPO had resulted in a one-day price rise of that magnitude, it would have been truly remarkable. Anglo shares dropped more than\xa012 per cent to a record low on the news. China is trying to effect a hugely difficult balancing act between short-term growth and long-term stability. With its position in China secure for the time being, Didi Kuaidi has been turning its focus abroad. He is also an independent director on Lenovo’s board. Yahoo did not respond to requests for comment. The Chinese investors range from state-owned enterprises to units of the two most powerful Chinese internet companies, Alibaba and Tencent. Cruz, Rubio Lie Low During Trump Uproar : Sens.', '2015-12-10': 'China has trimmed its dependence on some of the world’s biggest oil suppliers, with the market oversupply helping Beijing to diversify its sources of foreign crude further. @ Jurors deliberated for more than 40 hours over four days. The Oklahoma City Police Department welcomed the verdict. " Court records identify his race as "Asian or Pacific Islander. " The jury was all-white, composed of eight men and four women. He represented the families of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown. Prosecutors would not comment on the jury composition. Follow @MMartinezCNN CNN\'s Dana Ford, Jethro Mullen and Dave Alsup contributed to this report. An important milestone has been reached in global finance. Nowhere is this more important than on the issue of transparency. China is now the largest exporter by some margin. Much of this conventional wisdom about oil is, he argues, false. Growth in itself is nothing to worry about. She is a former CNN foreign affairs correspondent and Moscow bureau chief with expertise in Russia and the former Soviet Union.', '2015-12-11': "The Economy Is Improving, So Washington Has Decided It's Time To Screw You : Congress and the Obama administration seem to believe U.S. households don't need further protection from the financial industry. Thurraya Kent, a spokeswoman for the Navy. The two are of the Independence variant LCS. Click through the gallery to see more of the LCS classes. The LCSs are designed to support air operations by both helicopters and helicopter drones. The missile scored a direct hit on a mobile ship target. But what it lacks in performance and good looks, it makes up for with pure brute punching power. Right now, the venerable warbird is only surviving year to year and may soon be eliminated. Complete coverage on the U.S. militarySign up for CNN Politics' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today's best and tomorrow's essentials in politics. Donald Trump has accused Nicola Sturgeon of failing to appreciate his greatness, after the Scottish government dropped the US presidential candidate as a business ambassador on the grounds that he is a bigot. @ Fosun said the company’s business operations were continuing normally. Fear of terrorism is at its highest rate since the weeks following the 9/11 attacks. And PBS Newshour highlights the challenges of polling. There is less than a week to go before the Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates.", '2015-12-12': 'Though the plan was hailed as a milestone in the battle to keep Earth hospitable to human life, critics say it is short on specifics, such as how the plan will be enforced or how improvements will be measured. Read MoreThe accord achieved one major goal. Members of the scientific and environmental activist communities responded with varying degrees of optimism. But it may have saved the chance of saving the planet." " The agreement was adopted by "consensus" during the meeting of government ministers. Those nations must account for 55% of total global greenhouse gas emissions.#D12 Nous sommes là nature qui se défend ! # The Kyoto Protocol on reducing greenhouse gas emissions was adopted in 1997. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon hailed the draft. read one tweet, with a photo of one person dressed as a polar bear and another dressed as a penguin. " Texas Plumber Says Life Was Ruined By Jihadi Video Showing His Work Truck : Oh, and thanks for nothing, Stephen Colbert.', '2015-12-13': 'Chávez’s Home Rejects Legacy as Boom Fades : Last week, in a gut blow for the movement known as Chavismo, Venezuela turned raw anger over economic hardship into a landslide victory for the political opposition in crucial elections. Position Yourself for Success Heading Into a New Job : Knowing your strengths and motivations will help you better create career options that are a true fit for your skills, will allow you to better position yourself in interviews (sell before you buy), and will help you thoroughly assess and effectively mitigate risks. Nothing will be able to stop us," she said on Twitter. President Francois Hollande\'s ruling Socialist party came third. They urged their supporters in those seats to give their votes to Les Republicains instead. JUST WATCHEDLe Pen: Halt immigration into FranceReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHLe Pen: Halt immigration into France 03:53It was a successful strategy, CNN contributor Stefan de Vries said. You are being taken hostage by the elitist traditional parties.\' ... " ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks. "" CNN\'s Jim Bittermann and Kevin Wang contributed to this report. I know that all of us will be better off for the agreement we have finalised here today.', '2015-12-14': 'NYC Makes Huge Investment In Housing To Combat Homelessness : Experts say it saves thousands of dollars a year in shelter, hospital and jail costs. Tonight, no sigh of relief, no sign of triumphalism," he said. " Le FN a perdu une bataille mais il va gagner la guerre !!!— ISIS claimed responsibility for the attacks. CNN\'s Jim Bittermann, Catherine E. Shoichet and Kevin Wang contributed to this report. Rate Ruling Is Crucial for Pandora : An increase in the rates that webcasters, including Pandora, must pay record companies for the next five years may have huge consequences for Pandora’s business. Still, by itself, the increase probably will not matter much. It is what follows that will make the difference. There are new skyscrapers downtown and new subdivisions in every direction. They need cars to reach their jobs, and jobs to pay for their cars. " After I work two or three days, I buy $50 of food and make it last two or three weeks." I\'ve been getting asked the question a lot, \'Should we wait?"\' This scenario is widely accepted by economic and financial commentators. It is supposedly one of the great truisms of our time.', '2015-12-15': "Border patrol: European Commission eyes stronger agency - CNN : European Commission proposes stronger border control agency : Story highlightsNew agency would have power to intervene even without asking member statePlan comes as illegal entry into European Union is at an all-time high (CNN)The historic numbers of families fleeing poverty and war for the safer environs of the European Union has lately put the EU's regime of borderless travel between most of its member countries under threat. That is likely to be the case with the proposed new agency. Brent crude was trading at $37 on Monday. @ That includes email accounts, social media platforms and downloading apps. The year is ending on an uncomfortable note. But the stimulus also led to a vast increase in debt. “ After an indecisive day, stocks rallied in the last minutes of trading on Monday and managed to end with modest gains. That means the biggest remaining source of demand are consumers who use gas to heat their homes. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph The New York Stock Exchange On Monday. The Market Posted Modest Gains After a Slow Start. ( The interest rate that caused this anxiety? But if you look at the longer arc of history, a much different possibility emerges. But, just maybe, we have really returned to the old normal.", '2015-12-16': 'Deal Alters Way New York State Isolates Inmates : The $62 million settlement of a lawsuit by the New York Civil Liberties Union intends to reduce the number of inmates held in isolation and improve their living conditions. ” Cops Ask Armed Citizens To Fight Terrorists. Markets have made the decision far harder. @ Does this make sense for each in view of their own mandates? At first glance, the answer to the first question is straightforward: yes. First his fingers, forearms and toes tingled then he was gripped by a mental paralysis. “ Yet this City worker , who prefers not to be named, tried to conceal his anxiety because he feared his employer would think he was not cut out for the job. He wanted to be seen as efficient and resilient. It\'s like a Rube Goldberg machine, those incredibly complicated devices built to accomplish a simple task. F Higher rates mean life gets a little bit harder for borrowers and a little bit easier for savers. Unemployment in October was 10.7 percent. And Fed action is not likely to change that. Cheap doesn\'t help if the demand isn\'t there." We have already have had strong stimulus for a long time. The tensions are still underwater," he added. " They are likely to emerge at some stage." It Finally Happened: iPhones Are Falling Out Of Favor : Growing concerns about iPhone shipments have caused Apple shares to', '2015-12-17': 'Watch Ted Cruz Flub A Fox News Interview On Immigration : He struggled to defend confusing claims he made during Tuesday\'s GOP debate. " We Asked GOP Candidates About The Surge In Anti-Muslim Violence In The U.S. Then Things Got Awkward. : It did not give a sale price but local media put it at more than A$2bn. @ “ Refined energy product producers in China can breathe a little easier. It is time for the world to free itself of the strictures of Doha. @ While these talks have drifted, other efforts have raced ahead. Interest rates on mortgages and other kinds of loans, and on savings accounts and other kinds of investments, are likely to remain low for years to come. " The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index rose 1. Cheap loans have spurred car sales to record heights even as home sales have lagged. There is considerable uncertainty about the consequences, however. Turkish F-16s shot down the Russian Su-24 on November 24. Turkey said the Russian plane was over Turkish airspace and ignored warnings to change course. One of the two Russian pilots was killed. " Would it not just have been easier just to pick up the phone?" Putin asked at his annual yearend press conference in Moscow. \' The shootdown was close to the Turkish-Syrian border.', '2015-12-18': 'DNC: Sanders Campaign Improperly Accessed Clinton Voter Data : Officials with the Democratic National Committee have accused the presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders of improperlyDonald Trump Has Been Fighting To Stop A Wind Farm In Scotland From Being Built. Some have but many more seemingly have not. @ A momentous era in monetary history is over. Most of this debt has piled up on the balance sheets of non-financial companies, which now owe around $24tn, or 90 per cent of total emerging market GDP.Vladimir Putin has put Russians on notice for a long winter, warning of extended economic weakness and the need for further belt-tightening. @ “ The US economy accounted for a quarter of global GDP growth. They prompted banks and investors to lend, lifted stock prices and bolstered the confidence of consumers and chief executives. In a period of zero interest rates or very low interest rates, it is very easy to roll over loans," he said. " It\'s not hard to squeeze the heck out of labor costs." Any rebuilding will take longer and cost much more than earlier plans. It said he last attended a board meeting on October 15 but did not turn up for a meeting on December 11 and had not been reachable. @', '2015-12-19': 'Gorgeous New NASA Image Shows Earth \'Rising\' Over The Moon : A reminder that our little planet is pretty dang beautiful. Towards a Global Definition of Sustainable Palm Oil : It would be an act against conservation to reject a platform that would address the environmental needs of the global community while improving socio-economic needs for local communities. Worsening weather conditions currently make the trip more dangerous than usual. With only two weeks remaining in the year, it is virtually certain 2015\'s total will surpass the 1 million mark -- which will be nearly five times 2014\'s total. Stocks plunged across all sectors in the heaviest trading of the year Friday as enthusiasm over a long-awaited increase in U.S. interest rates faded. All 10 Standard & Poor\'s 500 sectors fell. As a result Friday was the busiest trading day of the year for stocks. They were looking for more, and when the market\'s disappointed, this is what you get," he said. The Federal Reserve had kept interest rates near zero for seven years. The stock has fallen 10 percent in December and has risen only three days this month. Its stock lost $3.66, or 6.4 percent, to $53.49. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( But the employees are hoping for a bigger severance package.', '2015-12-20': "Why The Democratic Party's Move Against Bernie Sanders Could Backfire : He apologized to his supporters and to Clinton, but the party might be sorry later. Mysterious Marco: Even Supporters Don't Know Where He Stands : RYE, N.H. – State Rep. Rio Tilton is “99.9” percent certain he’s going to vote for Marco Rubio. He’s far less sure whereWhat Hillary Clinton Gets: The Third Democratic Presidential Debate : What she has demonstrated in the current election cycle is an even higher degree of fluidity in this most singular of political communication formats. Her performance in Saturday night's debate in New Hampshire should give pause to her would-be Republican rivals. But these rules aren’t slowing Canadian Pacific’s pursuit of Norfolk Southern. Lobbyists Shield a Tax Loophole Worth $1 Billion : Lobbyists recently swooped in to add 54 words to a tax and spending bill of more than 2,000 pages that temporarily preserved a loophole sought by the hotel, restaurant and gambling industries, and billionaire Wall Street investors. Landslide in China Sends Hundreds Fleeing : At least 33 buildings are destroyed and 91 people are missing after a sea of earth struck an industrial district in the city of Shenzhen.", '2015-12-21': "Republicans Are Starting To Care Less About Whether Their Candidate Is An Outsider : GOPers still don't want an establishment candidate, but they're less vehement than they were a month ago. Everyone knows America has been going down the tubes for years—decades, actually. But what if, all alongOil Prices Have Hit An 11-Year Low, And That's Exactly What Saudi Arabia Wants : Where do things go from here? Surely, they reasoned, the system must crumble under its own contradictions. @ Yet it was poisoning the air, the water and, not infrequently, China’s own citizens. They also opened the door to the discussion of new issues at the WTO such as the digital economy and investment. @ The Russian leader was hardly the first to criticise. It is not clear whether Fosun will hold on to its 30 per cent stake in Kleinwort Benson or sell to Oddo. The last year so many constituents fell was 2008. @ Ripples Far From the Fed  : As in many emerging economies, companies in Indonesia gorged on cheap debt to fund expansion. The Socialist Party (PSOE) followed in second place, claiming 90 seats with 22%. PP has also been damaged by corruption allegations that emerged in October, something Rajoy has staunchly denied.", '2015-12-22': "Unseasonable Greetings in a New York Searching for Jack Frost  : The city has been so warm that the average temperature for the month could be 14 degrees above normal, the largest such deviation on record, and the high for Dec. 24 is forecast to be 73.Virginia Sets Restriction on Bearing of Firearms : In a stark change in policy for a state known for its expansive gun rights, Virginia’s attorney general announced that the state was revoking its reciprocity agreements with 25 states. How Rubio Could Win Despite Losing Early States : Betting markets suggest he could win the Republican nomination — and that he is unlikely to win any early state contests. Trump's lead in the polls is substantial but that doesn't make it predictive. The software, which makes possible many features of web browsing, has since become an important weapon in Oracle’s arsenal against other tech companies. We argued in court that he was innocent,” said Mo Shaoping, one of Mr Pu’s two lawyers. “ He can’t work as a lawyer after this … It also serves as a warning, reminding people that they can be jailed for their words and comments. ” Here's a little-known fact: the Shanghai Composite Index has outperformed the S&P 500 for 2015. @ Many of these deals have been for tens or hundreds of billions of dollars, including blockbuster tie-ups between drugmakers Pfizer and Allergan, brewers AB InBev and SABMiller, and oil majors Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group.", '2015-12-23': 'Anbang Insurance, the highly acquisitive Chinese group, has been adding to its stake in China Vanke amid a rare public battle over corporate ownership at the nation’s biggest homebuilder by sales. @ An existing chemotherapy drug can fix that. 02:33READ: War on ISIS: Why Arab states aren\'t doing moreIn addition to Saudi Arabia, the coalition is said to include Bahrain, Bangladesh, Benin, Chad, Comoros, Ivory Coast, Djibouti, Egypt, Gabon, Guinea, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Mauritania, Morocco, Niger, Nigeria, the Palestinian Authority, Pakistan, Qatar, Turkey, Togo, Tunisia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, the United Arab Emirates and Yemen. Sunni states like Saudi Arabia "see Iran as the greater threat. " The photo was taken in Sanliurfa, Turkey. Follow @CNNpolitics Sign up for CNN Politics\' Nightcap newsletter, serving up today\'s best and tomorrow\'s essentials in politics. CNN\'s Elise Labott contributed to this report. The reaction in European capitals would have been frosty. Russia’s financing was not made for commercial gain. The economy\'s underlying growth rate is more in the neighborhood of 3 percent than 2 percent." And the rest of the world, unfortunately, is still weak." Photograph Shopping On Black Friday at a Macy\'s in Manhattan. Now she wants her daughters to join her there.', '2015-12-24': 'Paid Parental Leave Comes to New York City : New York City, via an executive action by Mayor de Blasio, takes a modest step toward catching up with the rest of the industrialized world. Stocks advanced for a third straight day on Wednesday, once again helped by higher oil prices, which lifted shares in oil and gas companies. United States government bond prices fell. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( When I was a child in 1970s Britain, electrical appliances all tended to carry labels saying “made in Japan”, or “made in Korea” (or, on occasion, made in the US, or Germany). @ The question is whether they will be more forgiving of the cracks now appearing in their nest eggs. Twitter is perhaps the most notorious example. Among them are GoPro (30 per cent), Box (7 per cent), and Etsy (40 per cent). But guys who are pissed off are still doing OK”. The transaction, subject to shareholder approval, is expected to be done by February 29. @', '2015-12-25': '2,000 Islamist Fighters Will Be Evacuated From Syria\'s Damascus: Report : The deal marks a success for the government of President Bashar al-Assad. CNPC has long resisted plans by bureaucrats in Beijing to force it to open the pipeline network. Income at both entities has dropped “dramatically” this year, PetroChina president Wang Dongjin said in a statement on CNPC’s website this month. in] excess of those required for an investment grade credit”. @ However, credit rating agency Standard & Poor’s took a different view. Most concern focuses on human gene editing. Hybrid policies combine coverage with annuities and life insurance. The president said “tens of people” were killed, but reporters said the toll was much higher.: Stocks closed slightly lower in extremely light trading on Thursday as investors remained on the sidelines ahead of Christmas. The price of crude oil continued to recover. If we can hold on to this, we will be setting up for a good January." United States crude futures gained 60 cents to $38.10 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. MBIA insured the bonds issued by the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (', '2015-12-26': 'Volkswagen Realizing the High Cost of Deception : The most expensive problems are those that customers or interested third parties discover. If companies try to sweep them "under the rug," or invest resources to deliberately deceive the public, there is likely to be a big explosion as the pressure builds under that rug. Dozens Feared Dead In Second Landslide In Myanmar\'s Jade Mining Region : Myanmar\'s multi-billion dollar jade industry is controlled by its powerful military.7 Ways to Spice Up Your Email Signature : Effective personal branding can even help you land your dream job. An often overlooked way to showcase what you bring to the table lies in your email signature. Christie Spins His Narrative of Security Record on the Trail : An examination of Gov. Chris Christie’s record as New Jersey’s top federal prosecutor shows that he has, at times, overstated the significance of the terrorism prosecutions he oversaw. Feeling Shortchanged by a Raise : A worker at a large private company believes that she is being offered a lower salary than her new higher-level peers earn and is seeking to be treated fairly.', '2015-12-27': "Obama's Team Says The GOP Earned Donald Trump : Loyalists say that after two terms of obstruction, Republicans are getting the anger candidate their rhetoric created. The Week Ahead : Experts expect the number of new unemployment claims to be at a healthy level in terms of the long-term trend, and payments are due for financially challenged Puerto Rico. Anxiety Aside, New York Sees Crime Decline : Fewer episodes of major crime in New York City in 2015 have made the year the safest in modern history, but William J. Bratton, the police commissioner, has also called it “a year of great contradictions,” as two officers died on duty. Top 10 Anti-Marijuana Legalization Policy Victories of 2015 : 2015 will be remembered as the year legalization hit bumps most supporters never anticipated. At one time there were minimal differences between the parties' views on Iran, but in the last few years the gap has widened. Top Rebel's Death In Syria Reshuffles Deck Ahead Of Peace Talks : Zahran Alloush's death may have contributed to a delay in the pullout of thousands of militants and their families from Damascus.", '2015-12-28': 'Elections Easy for Queens Prosecutor; Critics Call This a Problem  : Richard A. Brown, 83, has been re-elected to the district attorney’s job six times since 1991, with no opposition, and detractors say that is a sign of lingering machine politics in New York. The China Securities and Regulatory Commission confirmed it was looking into the matter with the banking and insurance regulators. Their basic economics requires oil to be considerably north of where it is. ” A final draft of the law was not immediately available. @ Some districts appeared to have been completely destroyed by the advance. Of the technical advances transforming the energy business, none is potentially more important than storage. Used on a sufficient scale, it could make heat and light available to those living in subsistence conditions and radically alter the world’s energy mix. @ But it is important to demolish two myths. Second, it does not require a dramatic breakthrough to become economic. @ Premiums were only 3 per cent of Chinese gross domestic product in 2014, compared with 7 per cent in the US and 11 per cent in Japan, according to Swiss Re. About a third of that is for general obligation bonds, which are constitutionally guaranteed in Puerto Rico, a United States commonwealth. So far, the island has managed to stay current on most of its obligations. A reading above 50 indicates rising output, while one below 50 signals a contraction.', '2015-12-29': "Washington has warned Brussels against granting China ‘market economy status’, saying the long-sought trade concession could hamper efforts to prevent Chinese companies flooding US and European markets with unfairly cheap goods. @ It is considered a fallen city because there is no resistance from Isis. ” Mr Miyanaga’s language marks a subtle shift from past reluctance among Japanese companies to openly talk about military technology and the arms business, which remain sensitive issues for neighbouring countries as well as the domestic public. Mr Gou is founder of Foxconn, the world’s largest contract electronics manufacturer, also known as Hon Hai Precision Industry. His comments followed meetings with Sharp in Osaka. But his chances are slim, and getting slimmer. @ “ The Greek economic crisis has blighted the country and the eurozone for six years. Is there a good chance that economic recovery will take hold in 2016? This was in my mind as I visited Athens last week. My conclusion was that a chance does exist. Now a push is on in New York and other cities. Martin O'Malley Says He Asked Bernie Sanders To Debate. Bill de Blasio: Donald Trump Isn't A 'Blowhard.'", '2015-12-30': 'Kremlin Widens Sanctions Imposed on Turkish Firms : The additional measures bar Turkish construction companies from signing new contracts after Jan. 1, and also prohibit Turkish citizens or companies from operating tourism agencies in Russia. The Nasdaq is up nearly 8 percent for the year, while the Dow is down 0.6 percent. Several markets in Asia showed small gains. In other energy trading in New York, wholesale gasoline rose 4.3 cents, or 3.5 percent, to $1.276 a gallon; heating oil rose 3.9 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $1.23 a gallon; and natural gas jumped 14.4 cents, or 6.5 percent, to $2.372 per 1,000 cubic feet. Precious and industrial metals had higher closing prices. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( The US and Russia, the two main powers embroiled in Syria, remain on opposite sides. From Beijing to Washington, Berlin to Brasília, Moscow to Tokyo — governments, media and citizens were jumpy and embattled. @ This kind of globalised anxiety is unusual. In the early 2000s the EU was in a buoyant mood, launching a single currency and nearly doubling its membership.', '2015-12-31': 'Shinzo Abe has a reputation for being a nationalist and a hawk. In a combative letter to staff, seen by the Financial Times, Yusuf Alireza said the “unexpected” downgrade had also overlooked the “positive ratings impact” from a recent agreement to sell its remaining stake in an agricultural trading joint venture for $750m. @ Moody’s downgrade is the latest blow to Noble. Washington Post Claims It Dropped A Progressive Columnist Because Of Poor Readership. Bernie Sanders says the columnist\'s "insights will be sorely missed. " 2015 Didn\'t Bring An End To Americans\' Economic Worries : Nearly two-thirds still say they\'re not making enough money to live comfortably. You throw in exceedingly low volume, and it\'s a recipe for skewing the market -- in this case to the downside." The shares of Consol Energy also shed 46 cents, or 5.6 percent, to $7.78. She posted the ad to her more than 30 million Twitter followers on Tuesday. Precious and industrial metals prices ended mixed. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Shinzo Abe has a reputation for being a nationalist and a hawk.', '2016-01-01': 'These Were The Most Important Obamacare Stories Of 2015 : The Affordable Care Act won some huge victories in 2015, but there was trouble lurking. 2016 may help us to see which is correct. @ What has come down must go back up again and the deeper the trough the higher the next mountain. @ HUFFPOLLSTER: Here’s What You Need To Know About The First Republican Primaries As 2016 Begins : The first three nominating contests will produce momentum that will strongly influence later primaries. Pollsters think their reputations are deteriorating. The whole year was like a giant theme park." And technology firms were among the top performers in 2015. Lower oil and gas prices hurt the prospects of energy companies. In their view, the monetary stimulus of the world\'s central banks has been of limited effectiveness. This can hurt companies based in the United States in two ways. The bulls, of course, scoff at such pessimism. Photographs by Vasily Maximov/Agence France-Presse -- Getty Images; Lucas Jackson/Reuters; Aly Song/Reuters) (B1); Traders, One Wearing Glasses Welcoming 2016, Celebrated the Last Day of the Year at the New York Stock Exchange On Thursday. ( Unfortunately, it has also delivered unprecedented opportunities for scaling global conflict, terrorism, criminal activity, state and industrial espionage and vandalism. Absolutely -- far from "mistaken," that narrative is exactly right.', '2016-01-02': "China Grants Courts Greater Autonomy on Limited Matters : China has been making significant reforms to its legal system, but many people see the past year as a period of retreat, rather than advance, in China’s effort to establish the rule of law. Purchase of Las Vegas Newspaper Is Seen as a Mogul&#8217;s Power Play  : The billionaire casino magnate's recent purchase of The Las Vegas Review-Journal has prompted concerns that he could use the newspaper to influence a lawsuit against his business empire. 2016 will likely bring more financial misery for the beleaguered island. Trainers, Special Forces, and airstrikes haven't been enough. The administration continues its slow progression to renewed ground combat. President Barack Obama's Nobel Peace Prize grows more tarnished by the day. Obama's Hawaiian Holidays Just Keep Getting Better : From a polar bear to Michelle's Maui trip with Oprah -- the first family have had some good times in the Aloha State. Obama, Frustrated By Congress, Plans To Take Action On Gun Control : He has repeatedly urged Congress to tighten gun laws.", '2016-01-03': "Cuomo Issues Order to Move Homeless Indoors in Freezing Weather : The executive order, which requires local authorities to remove homeless people from the streets when temperatures fall to 32 degrees, is likely to raise legal concerns and practical questions. Saudis Cutting Ties to Iranians as Tension Rises : Saudi Arabia gave Iranian diplomats 48 hours to leave the kingdom as the two powers exchanged heated words after the Saudis executed a prominent Shiite cleric. Clinton Campaign Hopeful For A 'Comeback Kid' Boost From Bill : “New Hampshire tonight has made Bill Clinton the comeback kid.” Learning From a Winter of Extremes : Forecasters expect 2016 to be the warmest year ever recorded. It is the latest in a series of Saudi moves that underscore a significant foreign policy shift. Whether it concerns terrorism, immigration, homegrown political extremism, the eurozone’s unity, unemployment, lacklustre economic growth or even Europe’s military defences, national governments and the EU apparatus in Brussels look increasingly as if they are not up to the numerous challenges bearing down simultaneously from every direction. This should worry not just Europeans but their friends and partners in the Americas and Asia. @ The malaise goes much wider and deeper than the EU, which is not to blame for everything that happens or does not happen in Europe. This disrupts familiar patterns of life, undermines the trust of citizens in their rulers and weakens the ability of governments to act decisively.", '2016-01-04': "Western leaders have called for calm between Iran and Saudi Arabia after renewed tensions at the weekend between the two Middle Eastern powers threatened to stoke the flames of a sectarian conflict across the region. @ Why do people have to think that if we have it, it will lose its independence?” This week we look at the developing and emerging economies. @ The fix was softened by 0.15 per cent to 6.5032 per dollar. @ Trading on China’s stock market finished early on Monday after heavy losses triggered a new “circuit breaker” mechanism for the first time. @ Project Titan” has generated massive hype for a product that is five to 10 years off. The iCar may be electric and drive itself or not. But if it does arrive, it will be stylish, tech savvy, integrate with the iPhone and be in demand. Not Apple: it does not build its phones or computers, and building cars is much more complicated — just ask Tesla. @ The iCar market would be large and lucrative. That still leaves it below the threshold of 50 that separates expansion from contraction. Well, that’s it, kids: we’re heading home. The convention, held in Las Vegas, will draw in big brands including Facebook's Oculus, Samsung Electronics, Sony and more.", '2016-01-05': 'China should celebrate the collapse of its stock market. The Shanghai Composite fell 7 per cent yesterday  further falls are likely. Large sections of the public are beginning to agree with them. Will Angela Merkel still be German chancellor at the end of the year? @ But experts say it\'s in keeping with a trend they\'ve observed. From there, they trekked through Latin America until they reached the United States. They are the only country in the world that enjoys that privilege. These days, he said, that\'s "an increasingly difficult position to take. " CNN\'s Rafael Romo, Patrick Oppmann, Elwyn Lopez, Richard Beltran, Michael Roa and Gabi Plana and journalist Djenane Villanueva contributed to this report.: A number below 50 signals that the manufacturing sector is contracting.) Investors also appeared to seek some safety in government bonds. As other currencies have weakened, the dollar has remained relatively strong. The circuit breaker kicked in Monday, setting off a temporary halt. It will more likely than not spill over to other asset classes. Photograph A Worker at the Youfa Steel Pipe Plant in Tangshan, Hebei Province. Source: Reuters); 3-Month Treasury Bills: High Rate at Weekly Auction. ( Cuomo Misses Point, People on Streets Say  : Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s executive order directing authorities to pull homeless people off the streets in freezing weather has angered the very people it claims to protect.', '2016-01-06': '4 reasons the refugee crisis will shake the world in 2016 - CNN : 4 reasons the refugee crisis will shake the world in 2016 :  (CNN)Europe was hit in 2015 with a historic wave of humanity -- people, many from the Middle East and North Africa, fleeing violence or poverty, seeking a place to live, a job and a chance in life for their children. Hundreds of migrants walk into Austria on September 22. The free movement of people throughout the EU came under threat. By some estimates, a quarter of a million people have been killed. Rick Santorum might prefer to talk about banning abortion. And they may well find it to be a minefield. It could not come up with a united response. But everywhere the outlook for reform is heavily dependent on political leadership and the larger political economy: where leadership and popular support for reform is strong – as in India – the outlook is positive  but where politicians are more interested in power than leadership – such as in Turkey and South Africa – the prospects for positive change are dim. @ Moscow has not responded to the allegation. @ The World Health Organisation’s standard for safe air is an annual mean of 10 microgrammes. Prices rise when too much money chases too few goods.', '2016-01-07': "World Could Face Months Of Chinese Market Aftershocks : Trading has been halted for the day, the second daylong suspension this week. Comeback Watch: Bush Ups His Billboard Game : Huge scoop on the super-effective ways Jeb's super PAC is spending donors' money. North Korea presents one of the most dangerous security threats in the world today. For more than two decades, the US and the international community have used carrots and sticks to try to persuade Pyongyang to curb its nuclear ambitions. This makes it even harder to come up with an effective reply to its action this week. Investors are worried that an unexpectedly fast depreciation will further destabilise China’s economy. Shares in the world’s most valuable company fell close to $100 yesterday morning, compounding Tuesday’s falls after the Nikkei Asian Review wrote that Apple had cut iPhone orders by as much as 30 per cent with suppliers. @ On Wednesday the onshore exchange rate, CNY, fell to 6.5559 per dollar. @ Such a drive could strain Sino-US ties. @ But Beijing also remains deeply concerned not to undermine the North Korean state. Economists were expecting reserves of $3.42tn. @ There is no appetite for a reduction in production. ” This One Simple Change Can Boost Your Motivation, According To Science : Simply having fun plays a big role in motivating your behavior.", '2016-01-08': 'In Terms of the Creation of Jobs, 2016 Has a Tough Act to Follow : A big question is whether the pace of job growth of the last two years can continue now that we are close to what economists consider full employment.18 Asylum Seekers Tied to Attacks in Germany : The police chief in Cologne was forced out amid a growing uproar over an assault on women that unfolded on New Year’s Eve and has stoked fears of newcomers. Well, China circuit breaker, you had a good run. Surely after 15 long minutes everyone would turn bullish again. And okay, they didn’t, causing you to come in again and send everyone home. You’ll be remembered long after they’re gone. The angst radiating from the world’s second-largest economy is in some ways an echo of last summer’s rout. Inexplicable success is as unnerving as failure. Second place went to China Vanke, up a mere third. It has interests ranging from cinemas to football to food. China\'s convulsions have come at an inopportune time. So that\'s certainly something that we\'re closely watching." Chinese companies have borrowed billions of dollars in recent years. Credit: PETER EAVIS; Gardiner Harris contributed reporting. Photograph A Pedestrian Bridge in Shanghai Displaying Stock Market Movements On Thursday.', '2016-01-09': 'Drone Base Closure Doesn\'t End U.S. Drone Wars In Africa : Reported U.S. drone strikes increased in Somalia and Yemen in 2015.The Prospects for Mediation Between Saudi Arabia and Iran : The Saudi-Iranian confrontation has shaken world capitals, sparking fears of further bloody proxy wars in Syria, Yemen, Iraq and Lebanon, in addition to aborting all UN-led diplomatic efforts seeking solutions to the conflicts in Syria and Yemen. Egypt&#8217;s Parliament May Be Missing Prominent Faces, but the Names Are Familiar : Although some of the most reviled Mubarak-era figures were barred from the election, several other officials or close relatives have seen their political fortunes restored. In spite of the craziness we\'ve seen from Asian markets this week, the fundamentals here at home are still solid." The year ended with a particularly strong sprint. That was true in the recovery, and also true prior to the recovery." Employment in routine occupations, however, has been mostly stagnant." Much of Friday\'s report seemed to validate that decision. AuthorAffiliation PATRICIA COHEN Gardiner Harris contributed reporting. Photograph Workers Paved a Street in Brooklyn On Friday. Photograph by ÁNgel Franco/the New York Times) (B6) Charts: Monthly Change in Jobs (Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics) (A1); the Labor Picture in December (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B6)', '2016-01-10': 'Bombing At Doctors Without Borders Clinic In Yemen Kills 4, Group Says : The organization says it is the third severe incident in 3 months. Manhunt In Israel Bares Tensions Between Jewish And Arab Citizens : Israeli authorities shot and killed a wanted gunman but opened a gulf of distrust in the process. The competition took off in 1979, when the Shiite Islamic revolution triumphed in Iran. Obama\'s Weak \'Pay Transparency\' Executive Order : Merely stopping employers from forbidding employees to disclose their pay to co-workers will do almost nothing to close the decades-old 21 percent pay gap between women and men working full-time, year round. World\'s Richest Lose $194 Billion In First Trading Week of 2016 : The world’s 400 richest people lost almost $194 billion this week as world stock markets began the year with a shudder onObamas Invite Businessman Who Helps Low-Income Residents Afford Solar Panels To State Of The Union : When Mark Davis\' clients install solar panels, their energy costs drop by about a third -- "so 30 percent is going back into the community.', '2016-01-11': 'Global investors began 2016 with a keen eye on China and the direction of the renminbi. There is a great deal of ruin in a nation. That is the most important fact about it. It does not grow across the world at all evenly — far from it. Much the most plausible assumption is that it will grow again this year. What lies ahead for the world economy in 2016? The cheat software affects more than 11m cars worldwide. @ But while VW has been granted approval in Europe to carry out software patches and cheap hardware fixes for 8.5m cars, it has yet to find an acceptable solution in the US.Policymakers in emerging markets should brace themselves for another round of growth challenges, analysts have warned, after last week’s turmoil on China’s stock and currency markets spread across the world. @ “ Yet its residents can\'t get clean water from their taps. People my age and older, thought \'They\'re not going to do that.\' " The project was estimated to take about two years. But what residents couldn\'t see was far worse. State officials insisted their own research was more accurate. There was almost like blinders on," she added. Long-term health consequencesLead poisoning is irreversible. It drops your IQ, it affects your behavior, it\'s been linked to criminality, it has multigenerational impacts. Snyder apologized on Thursday during a news conference.', '2016-01-12': 'China’s onshore and offshore exchange rates have converged to parity, less than one week after the gap between them hit an all-time high as investors bet on currency depreciation in the offshore market. @ The spike likely reflects a massive short-squeeze. We shall not close our eyes and look away. A Speech to Balance Terror and Reality : When President Obama speaks to Congress on Tuesday night, he will offer reassurance on the country’s efforts against terrorism, but he is said to believe that the sense of danger has been inflated. Protesters from the far-right PEGIDA movement attend a rally in Leipzig on Monday. Germany has been reeling after a crime wave in Cologne on New Year\'s Eve. while others waved signs demanding that refugees be sent home. One banner read, "Willkommen in Leipzig" ("Welcome to Leipzig"). Two of the victims had to be hospitalized. No one can tell me that it wasn\'t coordinated and prepared," he told the newspaper. Reker later said her comments had been taken out of context. Opinion: The sad truth highlighted by Germany assaultsCNN\'s Stefan Simons, Brigitte Venator, Sara Khan and Nadine Schmidt contributed to his report. No, The Powerball Jackpot Isn\'t Enough To Give Everyone $4.3 Million : Dividing up the winnings would give everyone less. There is no pressing economic crisis confronting the continent in 2016, thank goodness.', '2016-01-13': 'Why Bosses Should Snoop On Employees Less : Having a monitored desk could be worse than having no desk at all. The Heroin Epidemic Has Gotten So Bad That It Made The Second Paragraph Of The State Of The Union Address : As did criminal justice reform. Ahead of an emergency Bundestag debate scheduled for today on the Cologne attacks, Ms Merkel vowed that the new rules would be passed “as soon as possible”. Often markets are volatile at the end of a year and then settle down as a new year begins. Oil prices fell even in the face of major tension between Iran and Saudi Arabia. @ How much should forecasters and policymakers look to speculative markets as indicators of future prospects? By heavily reducing the supply of CNH, shorting the renminbi – which involves borrowing the currency at market rates – became prohibitively expensive. Criminals should be punished consistently," he said. " That will also lead to more deportations. German Justice Minister Heiko Maas addresses the assaults in\xa0Cologne. A woman looks at flowers and messages laid on steps in front of Cologne\'s main train station. Rapefugees not welcome," read one banner, which showed a silhouette of a woman running from a mob. Two of the victims had to be hospitalized. Opinion: The sad truth highlighted by Germany assaultsCNN\'s Claudia Rebaza, Carol Jordan, Alexander Felton, Steve Tuemmler, Khushbu Shah and Carolin Schmid contributed to his report.', '2016-01-14': "Veteran Political Reporter: 'I Can Think Of Nothing As Unfair' As Media's Trump Obsession : The never-ending media cycle: Coverage leads to better performance in polls, which leads to coverage…Defense Is Seeking to Bar Patz Prosecutor : The lawyers say statements made about the case by the prosecutor, Joan Illuzzi, during her campaign to be the Staten Island district attorney made it hard to find an impartial jury. A conclusion is not expected until the second half of this year. @ Critics say they already benefit from unfair state subsidies. @ Would the price of crude stop rising beyond $100 per barrel? There may be opportunity but do not forget to assess the risks. @ China’s economic performance continues to disappoint the world. The first was a boom lasting from 1992 to 1997. As a result, it also lasted slightly longer than seven years and did not stop until 2012. This won’t be easy and, if carried out properly, will involve some pain. Bull markets, it is said, climb a wall of worry. There are certainly plenty of reasons to worry. As a result, capital is now flowing out of emerging economies. When Steve Jobs died in 2011, iPhone sales were still doubling year on year.", '2016-01-15': "Shares in the French company fell by as much as 20 per cent after AFP,  reported that Renault’s offices had been raided as part of an investigation linked to the VW emissions scandal. @ A number of US policymakers have struck a cautious tone this month following the Fed’s landmark quarter-point interest rate increase on December 16.The Hong Kong dollar had its worst one-day fall in more than a decade yesterday as investors speculated that it might have to adjust its long-running peg to the US dollar. @ Airline shares are always bad investments  sometimes they make a nice trade. On Wednesday, as Hong Kong listed Chinese H shares staged a limp rebound, China Eastern and China Southern rose 6 per cent  Air China by half as much. @ Even after the bounce, China’s airline stocks look bombed out. Much of that travel will have been booked before China’s currency volatility began. Economic growth in China may or may not be stabilising, but its debt problem is growing bigger. @ A Year Junk Bonds Lived Up to Their Name : Top high-yield bond funds, a.k.a. In the short-run the market outlook for oil is fairly bleak. Netflix Is Getting Rid Of An Easy Way To Watch Blocked Content : This could be bad news if you're traveling in another country.", '2016-01-16': 'Sanders Works to Strengthen Black Support : The Vermont senator faces a daunting problem even if he wins Iowa and New Hampshire: winning over African-American voters in the more diverse states to follow. It may be time for everyone to take the markets seriously again. But that optimism evaporated this week as the selling intensified. There is just a broad reassessment of risk right now." Investors also shunned shares of companies that had soared in 2015. Here\'s where I believe the market has it right," Mr. Bernstein said. Now that market is predicting only a 32 percent chance. Correction: January 19, 2016, Tuesday This article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An article on Saturday about the United States stock market\'s recent decline referred incorrectly to the Russell 2,000. Credit: PETER EAVIS; Reporting was contributed by L andon Thomas Jr., Michael Corkery, Neil Gough and Stanley Reed. Now 10 German tourists have lost their lives at the foot of the Blue Mosque and the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul. Along the old route of the Orient Express, violence and disorder are weaving an interrelated and self-reinforcing pattern of crises that will be hard to unravel. ( This exchange is a direct result of the nuclear deal. Thanks to today\'s announcement, we\'re that much closer to making it happen.', '2016-01-17': 'NYPD: Assailants Shouted \'ISIS\' While Beating Man In The Bronx : The attack comes amid increasing anxiety in the United States over the threat posed by Islamic State. Clinton and Sanders Turn Focus to South Carolina, Courting Black Leaders  : As the polls in Iowa narrow and Mr. Sanders maintains a lead in New Hampshire, both candidates have shifted attention and resources to South Carolina, which has emerged as a crucial battleground should Mrs. Clinton lose the first two nominating contests. Bernie Sanders Backs Bill That Would Undo A Gun Law He Voted For : Hillary Clinton is "delighted" he "flip-flopped" on a law shielding gun manufacturers and dealers from lawsuits. What to Do With Television News : The collapse of Al Jazeera America right on the heels of the closing of The Huffington Post\'s online live streaming video news programming makes us wonder what the future of video news will be. We will put political polarisation behind us and look forward to new era of politics in Taiwan,” she said, her voice croaking after a long campaign. “ Thank you for entrusting us to govern this country. ” Washington Post Declares \'545-Day Nightmare\' Over As Jason Rezaian Leaves Iran : The paper\'s staff now looks forward to the journalist\'s newsroom homecoming. El Chapo\'s Lawyers Say He Can\'t Get A Fair U.S. Trial Because Of Donald Trump : They say the United States is hostile toward Mexicans.', '2016-01-18': 'Oregon Protest Taps Memories of Better Times : Areas that were once economically important languish as jobs are clustered in urban centers, creating a feeling of powerlessness as their populations grow older, poorer and less educated. They had risen 0.9 per cent year-on-year in November. @ Prices have now been rising for three straight months. Those include the ending of embargoes by western powers on oil imports. @ View it through the prism of hiring and employment, however, and the economy seems surprisingly strong. " We can\'t have this discrepancy for a long period of time." In 2016, the test will be how service industries fare, and if hiring holds up." That means adding more workers, he explained. But I\'ve argued for several years that we haven\'t been in secular stagnation and I\'ve been wrong." If people aren\'t worried about buying a coffee or going to the doctor or the barbershop, there\'s less of a reason to worry." Bureau of Labor Statistics; Macroeconomic Advisers (Est.)) ( Yet the disease remains a top killer of children around the world. So he is raising a $100 million private equity fund to buy Texas ranches. Five years ago, it took 388 billionaires to reach that mark. Hong Kong’s fortunes are believed to rise and fall with those of China. We are at a transition point currently and transitions are bumpy. Return expectations need to be managed lower.', '2016-01-19': 'New Jersey Establishes Savings Plan Marketplace  : The law, which was significantly revised after Gov. Chris Christie vetoed the original, is intended to make it easier for small businesses to offer a tax-deferred savings program to employees. Both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are pushing for lower prescription drug prices as part of their campaigns. But they rarely lead to legislative success. On Nov. 20, the administration held a forum to discuss pharmaceutical prices.) The drug industry has shown more explicit signs of responding to the pressure. Or, you can view them as consolation prizes. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. AuthorAffiliation AUSTIN FRAKT Austin Frakt is a health economist with several governmental and academic affiliations. He blogs at The Incidental Economist, and you can follow him on Twitter at @afrakt. Traders often compare speculation with a balloon  squeeze one part and the air just bulges out elsewhere. China’s economy grew 6.9 per cent in real terms in the first three quarters, official data show. Oil prices are also playing a part, but only a bit part, in my view. @ Mr Xi will travel from Saudi Arabia to Egypt and then Iran, before leaving on Friday.', '2016-01-20': 'Dole Says Republicans Would Be Better Off With Trump as Nominee Than Cruz : Bob Dole said that the Republican Party would suffer “cataclysmic” and “wholesale losses” if Ted Cruz were the Republican nominee, and that Donald J. Trump would fare better. But the president was also expected to discuss the water crisis in Flint. Production outside the Opec cartel would decline this year, the IEA said. On Tuesday, China announced December economic figures. Bulls can say that simple mathematics make a slowdown inevitable. Stock markets around the world posted modest gains. The fund trimmed its forecasts slightly but said global economic activity remained on an upward trend. The fundraising by Meituan Dianping, created in October by a merger, is the latest sign that money is still pouring into China’s “online to offline” sector despite the lack of concrete profits. @ The interest of Chinese companies abroad is natural. Financial assets across the world have taken a beating since the start of the year. Policymakers in emerging markets already know the feeling. Investors still too often treat emerging economies as though they were an undifferentiated mass. He suggested central banks look to intervene in bond markets to prevent a credit crunch.', '2016-01-21': "Bob Dole Warns of 'Cataclysmic' Losses With Ted Cruz : Bob Dole, the former Kansas senator and 1996 Republican presidential nominee, has never been fond of Senator Ted Cruz ofAn Ill-Fated Dive Into Oil : Once an aggressive bidder for trophy assets, the company now finds itself in the position of a desperate seller as the price of oil and other commodities falters. Is A College Degree Really The Best Investment? : The traditional route of college and career has become risky in a tech-driven economy. But efforts to close it face an uphill battle. Edward Snowden changed the international politics of cyberspace forever. Indeed, this has still not been completed. Everybody seems to be a genius when credit is surging. @ Understandably and rightly, observers are calling upon the Chinese authorities to be more transparent. Savills data show that high streets have been hardest hit. For some landlords, this could be in the price. As Bush&#8217;s Bid Lags, Some Blame &#8216;Super PAC&#8217; That Raised $100 Million : Right to Rise has raised more than $100 million to help Mr. Bush secure the Republican nomination. Critics say it has little to show for it. Temperatures in 2015 also shattered the previous record set in 2014 by 0.13C, according to Nasa.", '2016-01-22': 'Texas Law Brought Surge In Self-Induced Abortions : Reproductive rights advocates are shining a light on the disastrous effects that Texas’ omnibus abortion law has had on womenJudge Throws Out Order Requiring Sources To Reveal Bloomberg Contacts : Several media outlets said the order would make sources less likely to talk to reporters. The Classic \'Masculine\' Business Model Works Better When You Add Women : How getting away from cutthroat corporate practices can "mobilize talent, drive innovation and drive transformation. " The employees reportedly intended to return the cash after completing stock trades, but the sharp decline in China’s stock market led to losses. That prompted tit-for-tat expulsions by Russia. China has stepped up its incursions around the disputed Senkaku or Diaoyu islands in what Japanese officials claim is a new attempt at changing the status quo in the East China Sea. @ Except in the perennially depressed north-east of the country, incomes have been rising by between 10 and 15 per cent a year. Add to that the fact that it’s like taking all of the crazy diversity of India and shrinking it to a navigable and digestible size. ” In some areas, as much as two feet of snow may fall.', '2016-01-23': 'Displaced Turkmen Worry How To Survive As Frigid Temperatures Set In Across Syria : As frigid temperatures set in across northern Syria, displaced Turkmen worry about how they will manage to survive. NYT: Bloomberg Planning Independent Presidential Run : Galled by Donald J. Trump’s dominance of the Republican field, and troubled by Hillary Clinton’s stumbles and the rise ofHaiti Faces More Election Chaos : Now, Jude Celestin is once again in the race and has forced the hand of international agents by refusing to participate in what is widely regarded as another fraudulent election process. Deadly Blizzard Buries East Coast In Snow, Flood Waters : More than 85 million people in at least 20 states were affected by a winter weather warning, watch or advisory. The Koch Brothers Have Gotten Much, Much Richer Under Obama : Their net worth has more than doubled since the president was elected. Philips Halts Sale of Controlling Stake in Led Business : Philips, the electronics giant, said it had terminated an agreement to sell a controlling stake in its automotive and LED components business because of regulatory concerns in the United States. Displaced Turkmen Worry How To Survive As Frigid Temperatures Set In Across Syria : As frigid temperatures set in across northern Syria, displaced Turkmen worry about how they will manage to survive.', '2016-01-24': 'Marco Rubio makes huge push to gain millennial voters : Presidential hopeful Marco Rubio has made a huge push to gain millennial supporters this past week, most notably his ad released Tuesday. The ad features a group of millennials, who are all concerned about differing issues facing the country and believe that Sen. Rubio is the answer. Sunday Roundup : DAVOS, SWITZERLAND -- This week, while candidates "squirmished" in advance of Iowa, more than 2,000 global leaders gathered here for the World Economic Forum. It\'s a shift, already underway, with the power to not only improve the world but also boost the bottom line. As Unilever CEO Paul Polman put it, "investing in the common good, investing in the long term, is a better investment than just your short-term self-interest." It\'s not just a better and more enlightened way forward; it\'s the only way forward. Searching for Signs of Slowing at Apple : With iPhone sales projected to decelerate, investors will be scouring Apple’s earnings report on Tuesday for signs of how fast the company’s downshift is happening. Why Tunisians Are Protesting Again 5 Years After The Revolution : The country may have gained political freedoms, but its economy remains a mess.', '2016-01-25': 'Shutting Down Aboveground Subway Service, and Learning From Previous Missteps : The Metropolitan Transportation Authority cut off service to 196 aboveground subway stations, about 40 percent of the entire system, a first-time experiment in the agency’s history of contending with extreme winter weather. Shareholders in China’s rural commercial banks have been offloading their stakes on Taobao, the biggest online Chinese auction site, in a sign of the increasingly desperate steps being taken by cash-strapped investors. @ Less good is that removal of the charge eliminates a buffer against fuel cost mismanagement. This policy has occasionally proved costly. The statement continued: "If there is any evidence to suggest this is not the case, it will be treated with the utmost seriousness and dealt with accordingly. " Don\'t act like a Nazi\' on all (government) outsourcing contracts for housing/feeding asylum seekers?" tweeted British physician and broadcaster Ben Goldacre. CNN\'s Tim Hume reported and wrote from London, and Dominique Heckels also reported from London. It has not determined how long the investigation will take. " The two are of the Independence variant LCS. Click through the gallery to see more of the LCS classes. The missile scored a direct hit on a mobile ship target. However, all is not as clear-cut as it seems. @', '2016-01-26': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: Bernie Sanders\' Chances In Iowa Depend On Convincing His Supporters To Vote : Hillary Clinton is leading by a razor-thin margin. Former Treasury minister Danny Alexander is poised to move to Beijing in a hotly contested carve-up of senior posts at China’s new Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. @ A quarter of this debt has emanated from China. @ Taxis are the only services allowed to do so. The walkout had a great impact on flights within Europe. CNN\'s Stephanie Halasz, Brooke Bowman and Chris Liakos contributed to this report. The law was passed in parliament by 81 votes to 27, with one abstention. Similar laws exist in Switzerland and Germany, according to officials there. It\'s not only Denmark that has brought in tougher policies on migrants. We have to understand they have different ways of looking at life, they come from different cultures. They have already done their share, they say. We\'re still an open and tolerant country. This affects the way society works," he said. The market opened lower and stayed in the red all day. Selling accelerated in the last hour of trading. Falling prices are going to mean lower earnings." United States government bond prices rose. The euro rose to $1.0853 from $1.0795 Friday. Congress And The President Need To Step Up. : But there are downsides, and not all in the United States.', '2016-01-27': 'Trump’s Effect On The Latino Vote Has Begun: More Hispanic U.S. Citizens Are Coming : Thousands of legal Hispanic residents are becoming U.S. citizens from Nevada to Florida and Colorado because of Trump. “ Growth is slowing but the reforms it needs pull in opposing directions. It is likely to continue: rates have fallen and will probably fall further. That is below the nadirs of 2003 (when the city was hit by severe acute respiratory syndrome) and the global financial crisis. @ Even that, however, requires investment and foreign technology. In a heavily inter-connected world, autarky is not an option. But the island has begun 2016 by going in a very different direction. Insurance telematics involves devices that are installed in cars to collect data about driving behavior. The industry in which Octo operates is nascent but growing. The deal would create the largest bank in Ohio, and the companies would have about $100 billion in combined assets. The company raised its outlook for the year. Other telecom stocks also rose on Tuesday. Fear is the biggest driver," said Guy LeBas, chief fixed-income strategist for Janney. Only 13 stocks in the S&P 500 have made a bigger gain. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph Traders at the New York Stock Exchange. Shares of Energy Companies Like Chevron and Exxon Mobil Made Big Gains On Tuesday. (', '2016-01-28': 'Syrian Opposition Bloc Still Won’t Commit to Joining Peace Talks : A spokesman for the main opposition bloc said it wanted an assurance from Secretary General Ban Ki-moon that the Syrian government would lift its sieges of rebel-held towns. On Wednesday, it indicated that the plan remained intact. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index fell 1.1 percent to close at 1,882.95. Low interest rates encourage borrowing and risk-taking, contributing to faster growth. The United States, after all, is by far the largest consumer of its own goods. Others, however, argue that the risks are being understated. That pressure may now be flowing in the opposite direction. The Fed said everyone was able to attend the meeting in person despite the weekend snowstorm in Washington. They bought conservative, dividend-paying stocks like telecommunications companies and utility providers. Few expected the Fed to raise interest rates this week because it just raised them last month. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.: They\'ve gone out of their way to say they\'re not Google and going after health care, for instance." This time is different: growth is slow wage growth is limited deflation is being imported.', '2016-01-29': '\xadPushing Local Panels to Look More Like the Neighbors : Councilman Ritchie Torres has a bill to collect and publicize information about the panels’ members. Europe has launched an assault on tax avoidance by multinational companies, pledging to close regulatory loopholes revealed by the “LuxLeaks” scandal and to give EU countries more powers to claw back profits that businesses seek to shift abroad. @ Who are America’s best friends in the world? China is undergoing significant transition. Such widespread transition brings risks and significant uncertainties. A complex and interconnected reform agenda has never been achieved on this scale or at this speed.: Facebook made its biggest leap in two and a half years. The sports apparel maker Under Armour also surged. Stocks switched between small gains and losses throughout the morning. In the afternoon, they gradually traded higher, but never went as high as they had reached at the very beginning of the day. Facebook said it gained 46 million users, giving it 1.59 billion users around the world. Under Armour reported a larger-than-expected profit and better revenue than analysts had forecast. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Tax-Exempt Yields: Average Yields for 20 General Obligation Bonds and 25 Revenue Bonds, Plotted Weekly. (', '2016-01-30': 'Donald Trump And Hillary Clinton Lead Iowa Caucus Poll : Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders lag behind in the final poll before Monday\'s caucuses. Iowa Voter Confronts Ted Cruz Over His Enmity Of Obamacare : Ted Cruz\'s attempt to hew to his anti-Obamacare talking points Saturday led to an uncomfortable exchange with a voter whoHow North Korea\'s Nuclear Threats Have Spiraled Over The Decades : Pyongyang\'s threats may sometimes be hollow, but the nuclear ambitions of the reclusive state cause international alarm. Now, its new migrant law threatens to do the same.: It could have been worse: Ahead of the report, a few economists on Wall Street predicted that the economy might have contracted last quarter, while others forecast no growth. Growth in 2016 will be good but not great." Despite the lackluster numbers for gross domestic product, by other yardsticks the economy looks considerably healthier. They can have their cake and eat it, too." The next estimate will be released on Feb. 26. One mystery for economists has been why lower oil prices have not done more to stimulate more consumer spending. Photograph by Scott Varley/Agence France-Presse -- Getty Images) (B2) Chart: Real Economic Growth: Annual Rate of Change in the Gross Domestic Product, Based On Quarterly Figures Adjusted for Inflation and Seasonal Fluctuations. ( Donald Trump And Hillary Clinton Lead Iowa Caucus Poll : Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders lag behind in the final poll before Monday\'s caucuses.', '2016-01-31': 'Martin O\'Malley\'s Saturday Night In Iowa Was Kind Of Depressing : Even people who came to his campaign event aren\'t voting for him. A Democrat Explains Why She’s Voting For Donald Trump : “People at the company I work for, they lost their jobs. " Thanks to the TSA, it\'s a Confusing Time to Fly : These are confusing times for airline passengers. Iowa Propelling Outsiders and Setting Election Tone : Voters on the ideological edges, who dominate both parties in Iowa, have made Senator Bernie Sanders, Donald J. Trump and Senator Ted Cruz the standard-bearers of the left and the right. Tax Scams Are Targeting Uninsured, I.R.S. Warns  : In some cases, the agency said, unscrupulous tax preparers tell clients to pay the penalties for not having health insurance directly to them, and then keep the money. Most careful observers of politics (present authors included) believed Trump would have washed out quickly and decisively. There is an apparent gloom looming large over the American electorate. Microsoft Unit Dives Deep for a Data Center Solution : Microsoft sank a data center on the ocean floor, where the sea water acts as a coolant, and plans to use the waves to power it. The results were encouraging enough to try a bigger version. DNC Succumbs To Pressure, Agrees To Hold More Presidential Debates : Thursday\'s debate in New Hampshire will go forward, with more debates to come.', '2016-02-01': "Bernie Sanders Is 'Cautiously Optimistic' About Pulling Off An Iowa Upset : The Vermont senator is hoping for a big turnout. Here's How Voters Would Interpret A Clinton Loss In Iowa : A Sanders victory would be significant for him, but not fatal to Clinton. Yahoo Accused of Bias in Use of Rating System : A former Yahoo manager who lost his job filed suit in California on Monday, saying the system, which has been used to fire hundreds of employees, is discriminatory and violates the law. After seven years of extraordinary governmental stimulus, the world needs a shift from exceptional monetary policies to private sector-led growth. The US Federal Reserve’s increase in interest rates sounded the clarion call. Three possible ways to generate growth stand out for 2016. @ The people who join extremist groups usually speak perfect English. The news from China so far this year has been all about tumbling equity markets and a wobbly currency. With a strong army, China can be more politically appealing, influential and persuasive, and will make it easier to network.” In the FT’s December survey economists had put the odds of a US recession at 15 per cent during the next two years. Output shrank by 2.8 per cent in 2015, according to the World Steel Association. Any score below 50 shows the sector contracted. It is the lowest reading since August 2012. @", '2016-02-02': 'China’s smaller banks are growing rapidly, bucking the flatlining trend of their larger peers, by aggressively expanding their balance sheets and piling on the risk being shunned by the big four. @ Analysts widely believe the true scale of soured loans is even higher. @ The People’s Bank of China squashed speculative bets a fortnight ago when its heavy intervention produced painful swings — so it perhaps considers that it has had the last laugh. The size of the polling error suggests this could be the case. Oil and gas companies remained in the red. The reports initially caused a sell-off in commodities, notably energy and industrial metals like copper. The price of United States benchmark oil plunged $2, or 5.9 percent, to $31.62 a barrel in New York. United States government bond prices fell. Prices for precious and industrial metals closed mixed. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (&#', '2016-02-03': 'San Diego Settles Sexual Harassment Suit Against Ex-Mayor For $667,000 : San Diego on Tuesday agreed to pay $667,000 to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit against former Mayor Bob Filner. Authoritative voices have endorsed this view. This fast-developing orthodoxy that capital controls could give China some breathing room is wrong. Controls would make things worse, not better. @ China certainly has a problem on its hands. The problem was compounded by botched communications. @ Some Rmb11.3tn of this total came in the form of bank loans. The transgression is the first public censure in Hong Kong of a large western bank for dealmaking advice and will be particularly embarrassing for Goldman, which last year topped the region’s league tables for M&A, working on deals worth $251bn, according to Dealogic. @ Banana-chomping primates are not indigenous to Australia. In its statement, the central bank stuck to a Fed-like script. China has been catching up with the West in financial technology. Funding has also tightened following frauds at Agricultural Bank and Citic Bank. @ San Diego Settles Sexual Harassment Suit Against Ex-Mayor For $667,000 : San Diego on Tuesday agreed to pay $667,000 to settle a sexual harassment lawsuit against former Mayor Bob Filner.', '2016-02-04': 'ChemChina, the company making China’s biggest takeover bid yet, is part of a phalanx of highly-leveraged corporations that are spearheading “China Inc’s” purchase of foreign assets and raising questions over the financial sustainability of acquisitions. @ It made a net loss of Rmb889m in the third quarter of last year and carried a total debt of Rmb156.5bn ($24bn). A win for Hon Hai would be a rare foreign acquisition of a century-old Japanese company. Previous attempts have been thwarted by the government and Japanese business communities. @ China’s recent woes — decelerating growth, falling currency, plunging stock market — suggest that the world’s main growth engine is spluttering. For a nuanced view on the comparison, see Gavyn Davies.) And not all economies are quite like China’s. @ Habitually, China is treated as a single economy. In truth, however, it’s more like an empire. Of all the regions with a population at least 1 per cent of the total, the poorest — Guizhou — has an average income per capita only 25 per cent of the richest — Tianjin. On Wednesday, shares in insurer AIA fell as much as a tenth, rallying through the day to halve the loss. @ Unlimited amounts can be paid into such products using a Chinese-issued credit or debit card. But something fundamental had changed: There was, on both sides, grim resignation.', '2016-02-05': 'Barbara Bush on Donald Trump: \'I\'m sick of him\' - CNNPolitics : Barbara Bush on Donald Trump: \'I\'m sick of him\' : Story highlightsBush\'s mother, who came to New Hampshire to stump for her son ahead of next week\'s contested primary, said this election so far has been "slightly shocking""He doesn\'t give many answers to how he would solve problems. " Read More"He doesn\'t give many answers to how he would solve problems. He\'s said terrible things about women, terrible things about the military. So remember the campaign has just started. " But Barbara Bush protested: "It was no sacrifice.: The euro rose 0.9 percent to $1.1203 while the dollar fell 1.1 percent against the Japanese yen to 116.75 yen. And it issued a forecast that was far below what analysts were expecting. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( This is a tug of war between the bulls and the bears to see who wins." And Keene says the bulls now have the edge. There’s even a MOOC on how to teach tinkering. The speed, for sure, is like nothing else on Earth. " It also, on occasion, freezes completely.', '2016-02-06': 'Tens Of Thousands Flee To Turkish Border As Aleppo Assault Intensifies : The assault around Aleppo, which aid workers have said could soon fall to government forces, helped to torpedo Syrian peace talks in Geneva this week. Ted Cruz Loses His Cool With A Voter Who Actually Challenges Him On Syria : "We will not have a debate, Sir. " Every new hard-earned and overdue victory should remind us all that we must keep moving towards greater justice for all. At the limit, trust might break down altogether. ZTE is exhibit A.”Ten years is a long time in the technology industry. Is the American worker finally getting a raise? We don\'t think the economy is sliding into a recession." Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ; Gardiner Harris contributed reporting from Washington. Photograph by Mike Groll/Associated Press) (B6) Charts: Change in Jobs (Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics) (B1); the Labor Picture in January (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B6)Madeleine Albright Says Sanders Has \'Lack Of Knowledge\' About Foreign Policy : Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright slammed Bernie Sanders on Saturday, expressing concerns over the Democratic: \xa0 Stocks posted steep losses Friday, ending the week with broad declines after a report showing that job creation in the United States slowed last month. It caused the dollar to strengthen against other currencies.', '2016-02-07': 'North Dakota, Built Up by Oil, Has Empty Feeling as Prices Fall  : As the price of oil has skidded to $30 a barrel, new drilling has dried up, and the flood of wealth and workers is ebbing. From Street to Ballot, Emboldened by Protests : Campaigns around the nation are betting on — and in some ways measuring — the strength of a young, energized electorate that is active in the movement for racial justice. Once Impervious, Rubio Is Diminished by a Caustic Christie  : Mr. Christie accomplished something that the rest of the Republican field has repeatedly tried but failed to do so far: diminish and even embarrass Mr. Rubio. Crackdown Plan for Gun Sellers Sits at Impasse : Few concrete actions have been put in motion to aggressively carry out the plans announced last month, despite the lofty expectations set by President Obama. North Korea Launches Long-Range Rocket It Says Is Carrying Satellite : Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe called the launch "absolutely unacceptable. " Insiders: Marco Rubio Crashed And Burned : POLITICO Caucus members panned the Florida senator\'s canned debate responses. \' Vehicles Fall Through Wisconsin Lake\'s Ice As Parking Lot Collapses : 15 cars and trucks descended into the freezing cold water.', '2016-02-08': 'How Google’s AI Beat A Human At ‘Go’ A Decade Earlier Than Expected : Last week, news broke that the holy grail of game-playing AI—the ancient and complex Chinese game Go—was cracked by AI systemChinese Who Violated One-Child Policy Remain Wary of Relaxed Rules : China’s cabinet has ordered that the registration document called a hukou be available to everyone, but many fear it will be used to levy steep fines on prior offenders. For Migrants, a Riskier Road in Mexico : Two days with 10 men who left Central America in early November to embark on an exhausting journey, made riskier by the Mexican authorities’ crackdown on migrants. there may now be a definitive way of getting the answer. Researchers hope these tests will help our understanding of the link between health and IQ in humans. " The tests included timing how long it took dogs to get food from behind different see-through barriers. There were no significant differences between male and female dogs\' test scores. But some say plans for walls in the city would ruin its character. Could John Kasich Surprise Everyone In New Hampshire? : Three campaign groups say the Ohio governor has surged to second place. Alejandro González Iñárritu On Donald Trump And Immigration At The DGA Awards : Alejandro González Iñárritu nabbed the Directors Guild Award for Outstanding Directorial Achievement on\xa0The Revenant\xa0yesterday', '2016-02-09': 'British Effort to Identify Potential Radicals Spurs Profiling Debate  : A program encouraging fellow citizens to identify potential radicals has also raised questions about racial and religious profiling and the balance between security and civil liberties. Trump and Sanders Win Resoundingly in New Hampshire : Mr. Trump recovered from a humbling second-place finish in the Iowa caucuses; Mr. Sanders prevailed in a state where he has long held an advantage. On the Side of Europe : London is a center of global trading, and most banking executives say they would have much to lose from a so-called Brexit. Fallout Continues In Student Conduct Group\'s Sexual Assault Case : The accuser says an investigation into her claims was handled "unfairly. " Former Presidential Candidate Laughed At The Idea Of A Super PAC, Then Lost Immediately : The two-term governor and GOP presidential candidate did not know what a Super PAC was. As Parks Reach Centennial, Obama Budget Requests $860 Million For Upgrades : There\'s a $12 billion backlog in repair work for our national parks. Cops Recording Your Every Move For 10 Weeks Doesn\'t Violate The Constitution : New court ruling further blurs the line between new technologies and what constitutes lawful "searches. There\'s only so much one health care reform law can do.', '2016-02-10': 'Google Agrees To Censor Search Results More Broadly For Europeans : The move is an attempt by the internet giant to comply with the EU\'s new data privacy rules. They go faster on the way up, they go faster on the way down. Tech stocks are pretty expensive, so they are more prone to correction." Businesses embraced cloud computing and bought ever more ads on Google and Facebook. Both companies have lost more than half their market value after weaker-than-expected revenue forecasts. Whatever the result, it is unlikely to be good. " Study: Horses recognize human emotions - CNN : Why the long face? That\'s one more expression than dogs (16) and four more than chimpanzees (13). Here a young Cristobal and his father Oscar tend to two horses. But now people tell me a little about it I actually think there are many points of connection. But the legislation has already split the ruling Socialist Party badly. France is a signatory to that convention. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 12.67 points, or 0.1 percent, to 16,014.38.', '2016-02-11': 'GOP Doubts Grow About Rubio : Congressional Republicans are re-evaluating Marco Rubio’s presidential campaign in the wake of his dismal showing in NewObama Downplays Fears After Supreme Court Blocks Key Climate Action : "We’re very confident that we’re on strong legal footing here. " Then the city said the boy\'s death was his own fault. But you know what, he\'s scaring the s**t out of people. " But it was not a mistake in terms of the legal process. If they had not asked for it, then we would not be having this conversation. " CNN\'s Martin Savidge, Catherine E. Shoichet, Keith Allen, Sonia Moghe and Dominique Dodley contributed to this report. The slide extended a three-day losing streak for the two indexes. Markets were closed in China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and South Korea for Lunar New Year holidays. The number\'s probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent." Mr. Trump might be bombastic, but he\'s not entirely wrong. There were 7.8 million people in that category in January. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.: Like predicting the weather, economic forecasting is an inexact science.', '2016-02-12': 'Syria Ceasefire Agreement Reached By World Powers : The agreement is a step in the right direction after numerous failed attempts to address the nightmarish war in Syria. China is home to thousands of similarly unknown businessmen and women. According to Hurun Report’s annual China Rich List, the number of US dollar billionaires in the country increased by 70 per cent to 596 over the past year alone. Is Putin playing West for a fool in Syria? - Read MoreIt is a glaring hole in the "cessation" to say the least. The defense ministry reports engaging 1,888 "terrorist objects." EXCLUSIVE: \'Thank you Russia, thank you Iran\' Is victory even possible?On the ground, the result is straightforward. How will al-Assad\'s forces, for instance, hang on to the territory they are so quickly seizing from the rebels? A master tactician, but a poor strategist," the diplomat said. A symptom of Silicon Valley bias : “Why is the Valley suddenly so tone deaf? Well, look how badly the Valley does on inclusion in hiring. Why Is It So Hard To Believe Race Relations Would Improve Under Bernie Sanders? : Pope Francis to Visit a Mexico Battling Many Ills  : The government is hoping for a credibility boost from the pope’s visit, but his itinerary also poses a risk by highlighting some of the state’s most obvious failings.', '2016-02-13': 'Georgia: State to Pay Transgender Inmate : Georgia has agreed to pay a settlement to Ashley Diamond, the transgender woman who sued officials last year for failing to provide her necessary medical treatment. One could go as far as to say that we have slid back to a new Cold War," Medvedev said. " The Cold War pitted East against West and pushed the world to the brink of nuclear war. It has 28 member states committed to defending each other. Follow @RaySanchezNYC CNN\'s Deborah Bloom in Atlanta and Stephanie Halasz in London contributed to this report. A total of 744 were built, the last of those in 1962. The eight-engine jets have a range of 8,800 miles. Flying at altitudes around 70,000 feet, pilots must wear pressure suits like those worn by astronauts. Eric Hallberg, 384th Air Refueling Squadron commander. " Europe is still trying to crawl back to where it was in 2008. That was the subtext of the economic data for the eurozone published on Friday. Since then, much of the rest of the world, including the United States, has bounced back, however fitfully. Low fuel prices have left people with extra money they can spend on other goods and services. But, he asked: "Is this Europe\'s lost decade? They\'re struggling with a lot of the same things." Britain has Tried to Buffer Its Economy From That of the Eurozone. (', '2016-02-14': 'Scalia\'s Death Undercuts Conservative Hopes On Unions, Abortion : Justice Antonin Scalia’s death will have an immediate effect on hot-button legal questions before the U.S. Supreme CourtSri Srinivasan: Supreme Court justice in the making? : To some extent, however, the pervasive pessimism surrounding China’s prospects is overdone. After all, excluding India, its growth rate of about 7 per cent is higher than that of any of the other major economies surveyed by the World Bank. The concern, therefore, is about the transition to a new growth path. Apple could soon be instructed to pay billions, triggering a showdown between Europe and the US and a potential breakdown of the international tax system. This sounds apocalyptic but it is a decent bet. @ From irate taxpayers and infuriated politicians to defiant bosses of multinationals, many are at the ends of their tethers about corporate tax. American politicians are angry at what some call “a direct threat to the interests of the US”. Supreme Court Justices Unanimous In Admiration For Antonin Scalia : "Justice Scalia nailed all the weak spots -- the \'applesauce\' and \'argle bargle\' -- and gave me just what I needed to strengthen the majority opinion," Ruth Bader Ginsburg said.', '2016-02-15': "Attacks On School And Hospitals In Syria Leave Dozens Of Civilians Dead : 14 people were killed in the town of Azaz near the Turkish border when missiles slammed into a school sheltering families fleeing the offensive and the children's hospital, two residents and a medic said. Drugs, money and violence: The toll in Mexico  - CNN : Drugs, money and violence: The toll in Mexico  : A label on the chart in this story showing smuggled money seized has been updated to clarify that the data represents the total smuggled outbound currency seized at all ports of entry around the nation. ( The illegal drug trade has had an enormous cost on Mexico in lives lost. But the latest statistics show the trend reversed in 2015. Still, it is a fraction of the estimated profits for the cartels. Making this information public could end the bloodletting. @ Hours later, Deutsche issued the good news. We want to make India a global manufacturing hub,” Mr Modi said. “ We are also simplifying processes like licences, security and environmental clearances. ” Exports fell 6.6 per cent year-on-year in January to Rmb1.14tn, following a 2.3 per cent gain in December. It is terribly inefficient and expensive.” The organisation’s systems and infrastructure are outdated. After 9/11, New York needed such a leader. Our economy had crashed and public finances were shot.", '2016-02-16': 'Ahead of a recent appearance in Hong Kong, one minder for Ben Bernanke suggested\xa0that the former chairman of the Federal Reserve should be asked not about the cost of quantitative easing, but about the impact of the policy instead. @ For years, central bankers have been reluctant to suggest unconventional monetary policies even had costs. The negative effects will become more obvious. Waging a war of words with Iran, Saudi Arabia is planning its debut on international bond markets. Venezuela careers from bust to bankruptcy. Europe, beset by stagnation and overwhelmed by refugees, has other things on its mind. The rout in European financial markets last week was a wat\xadershed event. The bond yields are not quite as high as they were then. The eurozone now has a rescue umbrella in place. The banks have lower levels of leverage. @ No bank was in a better position to mediate those flows and finance that trade. Actions, we are told, speak louder than words. Yesterday, the country’s markets reopened after the week-long Chinese new year holiday. American unwillingness to commit troops made prospects unlikely.', '2016-02-17': "Alabama: Spill Recovery Money Won&#8217;t Go To Hotel  : A federal judge in Mobile, Ala., blocked the use of more than $58 million of BP oil spill recovery money for construction of a hotel along the Gulf of Mexico. The bank says its strategic focus will remain on Asia. If so, it should consider reflecting that bias in its boardroom. @ Asia remains the engine room of the bank’s earnings. The bonds are to include both floating and fixed rates of interest. China's appetite for US assets was stifled on Tuesday after Fairchild Semiconductor turned down a $2.6bn bid from Chinese state-backed enterprises over fears that the deal would be blocked by US regulators. @ However, it was not clear whether he was referring to both the Paracel and Spratly Islands, or just the Spratlys — which China calls the Nansha islands. The Nevada caucus is pivotal for the Democratic race, and the outcome is increasingly uncertain. who is trying to make inroads with black voters. Canadian Police May Have Greatly Underestimated How Many Indigenous Women Are Missing Or Dead : New numbers are more than three times higher than the force's initial counts.", '2016-02-18': 'The confrontation between the technology industry and the FBI over encryption has deepened after Apple pledged to fight a court order that it help unblock an iPhone used by the perpetrators of December’s San Bernardino shooting. @ The consumer price index rose by 1.8 per cent year-on-year in January, from 1.6 per cent in December 2015. Aston Martin is famous for the roar of its V12 petrol engines. @ Aston said it would extend its collaboration with LeEco, formerly known as Letv, to bring a battery-powered vehicle to market by 2018.One of China’s largest mobile app makers is expanding in the US just as many of the country’s other internet companies say they are heading back to the mainland. @ Now the government has responded with its own definition of good communications — instructing ministries to tell the world that everything is really just fine. @ It is officially known as the negative interest rate policy or Nirp, and it is eclipsing a zero policy,\xa0or Zirp. Why have the prices of bank shares fallen so sharply? A part of the answer is that stock markets have declined. Last week we met again and I asked how it was going. @ Housing officials said his conclusions were “false and misleading. ” MSNBC’s Town Hall With Donald Trump Was Disgraceful : Is Donald Trump in trouble?', '2016-02-19': "South Carolinians See Negative Ad Barrage Ahead Of GOP Primary : Ted Cruz and his super PAC allies attack Donald Trump, Marco Rubio.: The losses were small but spread across many industries. Walmart's profit fell compared to last year and its sales were weaker than analysts expected. In January, the company said it would close 269 stores. Competitors including Target, J.C. Penney and Macy's will follow next week. The deal values Ingram at about $6 billion, or $38.90 per share. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( My sense from talking with the Chinese is that they were quite surprised that the US came to them with such a big ask,” says Bonnie Glaser of Washington-based think-tank the Center for International and Strategic Studies. “ This is reason for both celebration and concern. @ Its careful construction tells you everything you need to know about today’s oil market. @ But in the circumstances, it was the best both countries could have done. The US tech companies counter that they should be allowed to protect customer privacy. But Donald J. Trump has a commanding lead in polls.", '2016-02-20': "Big Change for China as It Fires Securities Regulator. The dismissal of Xiao Gang is a gamble by President Xi Jinping that he can limit damage to the Communist Party from the struggling economy. Bush Drops Out as South Carolina Picks Trump in the G.O.P. Primary : Mr. Trump’s victory, his second in the first three nominating contests, puts him in a strong position heading into Southern state primaries on March 1.Building a Better Bidding War : Kyle Blaney is a logistics agent at Proxibid in Omaha, making sure online auctions go well, from posting photos for an inventory list to handling bidding for many buyers. Hillary Clinton Won The Nevada Caucus : Clinton dominated in Las Vegas and the surrounding area, with an overall lead of more than 5 points. This City's Pit Bull Ban Has Failed Miserably To Prevent Dog Bites : Advocates have said for years that breed-specific legislation just doesn't work. Big Change for China as It Fires Securities Regulator.", '2016-02-21': 'This Cable News Panel Just Dismissed Bernie Sanders\' Wall Street Tax Plan : Clinton\'s "broccoli" is apparently better for us than Sanders\' "ice cream. " Bernie Sanders Blames Low Turnout For Loss In Nevada : "We did not do as good a job as I had wanted to bring out a large turnout. " It doomed him, and on Saturday he left the race.: If you own a piece of an energy limited partnership, you\'ve suffered epic losses in recent months as the price of oil has crashed. Pension funds usually steer clear of these partnerships because they create tax liabilities for them.) He added, "Each partner would have income equal to their share of the cancellation." Under the deal, the company exchanged $2 billion of its senior notes for $1 billion in new debt. The company\'s documents warn investors about this situation. A spokeswoman for Linn declined to comment further. This may not be the only restructuring deal Linn pursues. The price of oil will have great influence over that. That\'s up from $92 billion at the end of 2011. " Their results show American political centrism is slowly dying.', '2016-02-22': 'Sanders Struggles To Widen Appeal As South Carolina Primary Looms : The rush of March contests in big, diverse states could leave Sanders grasping for political life. How Close We Are To A 3-D-Printed Human Heart : Scientists announced that for the first time ever, they were able to 3-D print an organ, successfully transplant it into an animal and get it to work. Mr Bush ended his campaign after achieving just 7.8 per cent of the vote in a state that the former Florida governor once hoped to win. The people of Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina have spoken,” Mr Bush said. “ READ: Brexit: The numbers you need to know The argumentsJUST WATCHEDBrexit? CNN\'s Lindsay Isaac and Lucy Pawle contributed to this report. The City of London is rarely starry eyed about anything. They would rather see the UK stay and fight its corner than depart. Why is the Middle East in flames and Russia on the rampage? In both Europe and the Middle East, it is common to hear the blame placed on Barack Obama. A popular pun circulating online plays on the phonetic similarity between his name and the Chinese phrase "Bull Market Rain". @ Telecoms businesses are trying to get their mojo back. A similar challenge faces telecoms operators.', '2016-02-23': 'Charlotte council votes to extend transgender rights : CHARLOTTE, N.C. — North Carolina’s largest city has passed a law allowing transgender people to choose public bathrooms thatLena Dunham Stands By Kesha In Powerful Essay : "The American legal system continues to hurt women by failing to protect them..."Caucuses in Nevada Are Called for Trump; Early Lead Expands  : Mr. Trump was seen as the favorite going into the contest, but his victory still added pressure on his rivals as the Super Tuesday elections approach. So claims that America\'s economy is in decline or that we haven\'t made progress are simply not true." We, in particular, would like to see stronger wage growth." Follow the New York Times\'s politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter , and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter . Photograph President Obama with Members of the National Governors Association On Monday. Mr. Scanlon said that usually did not happen for long stretches. Its stock climbed $24.60, or 4.6 percent, to $559.50. The food service company Sysco said it would buy Europe\'s Brakes Group for $3.1 billion. This is a specific case where the government is asking for access to information. In the industries studied, Chinese companies compete with large European businesses.', '2016-02-24': 'Sanders Dings Clinton Over \'90s Welfare Reform, Saying It Hurt The \'Very Vulnerable\' : As first lady, Clinton helped corral votes for the law. Last year, it took until June to reach that number. Orban did not say when the referendum would be held. Here\'s what they said and how they picture themselves in the future. Now as a great physician in my community, I have that ability. Hide Caption 3 of 10 Photos: Syrian girls: What we want to beHaja, 12. I teach younger children to read and write Arabic.: Stocks fell broadly on Tuesday as commodity prices retreated. They note that trading volume has been far lighter on days the market has risen and heavier on days it has fallen. Although we have come off the bottom, it\'s still quite volatile out there." Fewer consumers are having trouble paying loans, and new loans are growing. The surge in prices last week was premature. But they blinked and that is all important. Iran must be welcomed back into the market. The kingdom does not have that many allies. @ We will be celebrating for a long time tonight. ” Guantánamo harms our partnerships with allies and other countries, whose co-operation we need against terrorism . . .', '2016-02-25': "Even Fox News Thinks The GOP Needs To Chill Out On This Supreme Court Thing : Republicans' refusal to let Obama nominate a new justice has some people at the conservative network scratching their heads. How The Republican Party Has Failed To Dig Up Dirt On Donald Trump : GOP operatives are alarmed. Here’s Why Numbers Aren’t What They Seem. : You might not think Donald Trump would be particularly popular among Latinos. It came out of an insight that data [in India] is expensive,” he says of Hike Direct, a service added to the group’s main app in October that lets users swap files such as music and video at high speeds without having to be online. @ India has about 400m internet users, most of whom use the internet via mobile devices. It now sits at four-year lows, at Won1,234 to the dollar. Apple has complied with thousands of such orders in the past. @ While the valuation gap has come down, it is still attractive. Generally, the risk that a deal falls through has been slight. Yet in recent years a new normal emerged  just about any bond delivered strong returns. This steep divergence might appear surprising. This is a massive investment in securing the peace and prosperity of our region,” said Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. One of the paradoxes of business is that the most profitable companies are not those that are most profit-focused. @", '2016-02-26': 'Flint Residents To Get Lower Water Bills : Rick Snyder announced some relief for Flint residents, who have the highest water rates in America. SHANGHAI -- The global economy looks shaky. The tried-and-true cures no longer seem to work. The Turkish presidency of the G-20 led to no progress on any front," said Ken Courtis, a prominent international economist and fund manager. Chinese officials appear to have gotten the message that silence is not always golden. So what I would expect is some kind of framework." AuthorAffiliation KEITH BRADSHER Follow Keith Bradsher on Twitter @KeithBradsher. The next step is likely to include fiscal expansion. Why might the world be driven to such expedients? Take two countries, one with historic ties to Britain and which shares the same language, the other is merely in the middle of the European continent. Quarterly results on Wednesday were described within six sentences as “spectacular”, “unprecedented”, “tremendous” and “outstanding”. @ Salesforce made a net loss of $25m on revenues of $1.8bn in the fourth quarter. All three benchmarks are down more than 20 per cent so far this year. To commit a mistake and not correct it is to commit another mistake, opined Confucius. The company’s proposal to buy Sharp seemed flawed. The revised deal — to buy control — is better but still leaves many important questions unanswered. @ Each has generally gone its own way on fiscal, monetary and exchange rate policies. @ But stock markets were painting a different picture.', '2016-02-27': 'Emails Show Michigan Aides Worried About Flint&#8217;s Water a Year Before Acting : Newly released emails show that aides to Gov. Rick Snyder of Michigan were concerned about the quality of Flint’s water a year before he told residents to stop drinking it. Early Election Results Favor Reformists in Iran  : Preliminary results released Saturday showed that reformist and moderate candidates were leading in one of the two elections just held by Iran, state news media quoted the Interior Ministry as saying. Antonin Scalia\'s Death Just Cost This Company $835 Million : Dow Chemical settled a price-fixing lawsuit because it lost the late justice\'s vote. Still, the market ended Friday with a second straight weekly gain. The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 57.32 points, or 0.3 percent, to 16,639.97. All three indexes finished the week up by 1.5 percent or more. Economists were expecting a reading of 0.4 percent growth. " That sentiment weighed on relatively safe investments like government bonds and stocks that are attractive for their dividends, like utilities. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2016-02-28': 'Sunday Roundup : This week the nation had to clean up the collateral-mud-damage from watching Thursday\'s Republican debate. To call it a circus would be to insult the dignity, decorum and poise of the circus. " This guy\'s a choke artist, and this guy is a liar," said Trump of Rubio and Cruz, who finally took on The Donald. Trump said former Mexican President Vincente Fox "used a filthy, disgusting word" and "should be ashamed." Even worse, the substance matched the atmosphere. Or that 22 million people would lose healthcare with Obamacare\'s repeal. Or that deporting 11 million people would cost an estimated $400 - $600 billion, take 20 years and lower real GDP by $1.6 trillion. Avoid Confrontation in the South China Sea : The much-vaunted "re balancing" of U.S. forces to Asia has been limited by the conflict in the Middle East and the resurgence of Russia. Despite the advances of the Affordable Care Act, the health care financing system continues to inflict needless suffering on our patients. Nearly 30 million Americans remain uninsured. Clinton, ‘Smart Power’ and a Dictator’s Fall : The president was wary. Then militias refused to disarm, neighbors fanned a civil war, and the Islamic State found refuge. Hillary Clinton Wins A Resounding Victory In South Carolina : Her opponent, Bernie Sanders, had struggled to pick up enough support among black voters in the primary.', '2016-02-29': 'The GOP Implosion Over Donald Trump\'s Candidacy Has Arrived : MADISON, Ala. — The implosion over Donald Trump’s candidacy that Republicans had hoped to avoid arrived so virulently thisRepublican Debate Was \'An Embarrassment\' For The GOP, Says Fox News Host Chris Wallace : “If you saw someone acting presidentially on that stage, you got better eyesight, Bill, than I do. ” Drowsy Driving Kills Thousands Every Year. Only two states have laws against it, and even those are hard to enforce. On the Campaign Trail: GOP Race Grows Cruder And More Aggressive : It is the kind of campaign he said he would never run. At that point, the data became worth stealing, and since then growth has been exponential,” Mr Emm says. He estimates 1m new malicious codes were found on devices in 2015. “ Early attacks focused on causing handsets silently to call premium rate numbers. Emerging markets, by definition, are meant to emerge. Already battling slowing growth, capital flight, commodity price weakness and tumbling equity markets and currencies, emerging markets are facing another problem: falling residential property prices. @ The expectation had been for  a slight gain. Additionally, some buyers could be  waiting for a hike in listings come springtime." Median listing prices are also up eight  percent compared to a year ago. " They fear that a victory for Mr Trump could fatally fracture the party and prevent the GOP from winning the White House in November.', '2016-03-01': 'Ruling Favors Suit on Trump University   : Judges of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court denied Donald J. Trump’s effort to dismiss the action claiming $40 million in fraud against students. Apparently, America’s government agencies are both omnipotent and helpless. Now we learn that such agencies cannot get into our smartphones … let alone our smart fridges. In the 1990s, trade was the defining issue of the US-China economic relationship. In a nation of 1.4bn people with a $10tn economy, this transition is a significant challenge. @ China’s environmental challenges are serious. Several of Citi’s rivals have struck similar deals to part with Chinese assets. @ Mark Carney, the Bank of England governor, set out this concern most forcefully. It is critical for central banks to structure stimulus measures in ways that boost domestic demand, he argued, so that a “rising tide” of global demand could “lift all boats”. @ It is plausible and technically possible for them to do so. Chinese manufacturers reported sluggish business for a seventh month in a row, with a PMI reading for February which was worse than expected. @ The arch, with its white marble base, red columns and nine golden dragons — a symbol of the emperor — was demolished without warning. G.O.P. Legislators Face New Pressure to Decide: Can They Get Behind Trump? :', '2016-03-02': 'Anti-Trump Republicans Move to Deny Nomination : With Donald J. Trump winning seven more states, Republican rivals grasped for hope that they could defy history and halt his march to the nomination. He stressed that he was expanding the party by pulling in Democrats and independents. “ Report: Superyacht sales sail ahead in 2015 - CNN : Report: Superyacht sales sail ahead in 2015 : Story highlightsSales of boats 24m and above climb 40%More than 450 mega-yachts sold last yearRussian billionaire spends $450m on yacht (CNN)It\'s smooth sailing ahead for the mega-wealthy, as global sales of superyachts took off last year. And it could be yours -- for a mere $1.5 million. " At over 35 meters long, the elegant vessel can accommodate 12 guests. China appears to be resorting to its stimulus playbook once again. But Trump and Clinton snapped up seven primary wins each. Transgender rights advocates have good reason to cheer. Supporters say it helps guarantee safe procedures. He says he\'s got $29 million squirreled away. The NASA astronaut is out of orbit and back on Earth after nearly a year on the International Space Station. Opening doorsSome passports will get you more places than others. But you can see the top from where you are.', '2016-03-03': 'Michigan: Head Start Aid Approved for Flint : Officials said Wednesday they had allotted $3.5 million to expand early childhood education in Flint, where contaminated drinking water has been linked to elevated levels of lead in children’s blood. When South Korea’s president joined her Chinese counterpart at a military parade in Beijing in September the event was seen as one of her biggest achievements. @ The odds against default are overwhelming. Still, landslides start with a single pebble. China’s Aa3 rating is associated with a 1 in 1,200 chance of default. In light of its challenges, this is no overestimate. Oil prices increased for the seventh time in eight days. Energy stocks did the best in the market. The company makes 60 percent of its sales overseas. That followed upbeat reports on construction and manufacturing on Tuesday. The federal government will release its jobs report on Friday. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.11 a gallon. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph Traders at the New York Stock Exchange On Wednesday, When Oil Prices and Telecommunications Company Stocks Rose. ( Two areas -- New York and Dallas -- described activity as flat. Most economists expect the Fed to leave a crucial interest rate unchanged. The labor market is healthy," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody\'s Analytics. " This is very good news, particularly in the context of the turmoil in the financial markets in the past several months." The Fed survey was based on data collected before Feb. 22.', '2016-03-04': 'Business leaders and stock market investors tend not, as a rule, to be staunch supporters of hardline communism. India is the world’s last great business frontier,” he writes. With an estimated size of 40 acres, it hosts shops and a makeshift medical clinic. Four people were arrested and 11 police officers were injured. This is as much a crisis of European solidarity as it is a refugee crisis. "\' Some 418 people died trying to do so, the organization said. CNN\'s Lindsay Isaac and Tim Hume contributed to this report. The two leaders had just attended a UK-France summit in Amiens in northern France Thursday. " I cover war zones, conflict and everything. Alan, his brother and their mother drowned while fleeing Syria. There is no solution where there is no consequences. It was an intergovernmental treaty; it was the Le Touquet treaty. A warning from Moody’s this week added to the downbeat mood: the US rating agency voiced a widespread fear that Chinese officials — previously able to engineer even the weather — may be unable to manage these strains. @ China’s fiscal buffers and reserves remain vast. However, it will take more than words to address these concerns. Fewer Democrats Are Voting This Year In (Surprise!) But That Isn\'t Helping Democrats For One Key Reason. :', '2016-03-05': 'Marco Rubio in Florida: Desperate : It\'s clear why Marco Rubio hasn\'t done anything in the US Senate, much less showed up for a vote: he\'s desperately trying to motivate GOP voters in Florida against Donald Trump. Grumpy Old Men: Why Trump and Sanders Resonate with Voters : It\'s not a stretch to say the landscape of American politics has changed, with a direct correlation to the current state of affairs in America. It does suggest that fears about a U.S. recession have been greatly overdone." As Mr. Tannenbaum put it: "This number will certainly spice up the Fed\'s discussion." Part of the reason is the unevenness of the recovery. asked Neera Tanden, president of the left-leaning Center for American Progress. " Credit: PATRICIA COHEN; Binyamin Appelbaum contributed reporting. Photograph A School Bus Plant in Georgia. The jobs report showed that construction, retail and health care companies are still hiring more workers. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 62.87 points, or 0.4 percent, to 17,006.77. The Labor Department said employers added 242,000 jobs last month. Oil prices climbed about 10 percent this week and have risen for three weeks in a row, which hadn\'t happened since May. Here are four science-backed reasons why.', '2016-03-06': "Donald The Dangerous : Is there any scarier nightmare than President Donald J. Trump in a tense international crisis, indignant and impatient, withTed Cruz Saw A Massive Last-Minute Surge In Louisiana. The Texas senator increasingly looks like Donald Trump's main rival for the nomination. Michigan Polling Demonstrates Ted Cruz's Next Big Challenge : The Texas senator needs to broaden his appeal to more moderate Republicans. The Voting Rights Act at 51 : Regrettably, 51 years after 600 people risked their lives on Bloody Sunday to expand democracy for people of color, and with the 2016 Presidential election fast approaching, too many voters of color here in New Jersey, rather than experiencing increased political participation, are losing their voting rights daily. Owning An Assault Weapon Is No Longer A Fundamental Right -- For Now : An appeals court wiped out an earlier ruling that was seen as a boost to gun rights advocates. Flint Welcomes Spotlight on Its Plight, but a Permanent Fix Is Far Off : Five months after state authorities announced that it was unsafe to drink unfiltered water, the water is still unsafe, with no promise of when it will be.", '2016-03-07': 'State Lawmakers Override Governor’s Veto To Pass Radical NRA-Backed Gun Law : Gun owners in West Virginia will no longer need to get a permit to have a concealed weapon, putting it among the most farApple VP: The FBI wants to roll back safeguards that keep us a step ahead of criminals : Craig Federighi is senior vice president of software engineering at Apple. He first joined Apple in 1997.The Biggest Dog Sledding Race In The World Is Having Major Problems. Breakthrough with Turkey," read the tweet from Martin Selmayr. The proposal still needs formal approval. " Those principles were later spelled out in a statement from the European Council. Messinis said the rescuers counted 29 dead bodies -- 10 men and 19 women, all between 20 and 30 years old. " I cover war zones, conflict and everything. Five people died and more than 500 were rescued. CNN\'s Radina Gigova and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report. And they are being compensated very well. In value terms, the gap between the two markets is even larger. The disappointment is partly statistical — productivity growth has slowed. They also play a part in its success in turning research into good business. Analysts were expecting a reading of $3.19tn. @', '2016-03-08': 'New Bill Seeks To Get Low-Income Students The Health Care They Deserve : "Because kids who are sick don’t perform well in school. " The proposal still requires details to be hammered out before being sent for approval by EU leaders next week. " We are strictly implementing Schengen rules." I\'ve (seen) in my career a lot of death," he said. " I cover war zones, conflict and everything. Passengers had rushed to the port side, a shift in weight that proved too much. Five people died and more than 500 were rescued. "" CNN\'s Arwa Damon, Laura Perez Maestro, Karen Smith and Don Melvin contributed to this report. In a blistering editorial, the former mayor of New York City went after the two Republican frontrunners and the growing extremism that he said was taking hold of both the Republican and Democratic electorates. @ “ There was then a smart recovery in goods being shipped, which reassured many that business had returned to usual. @ In fact, neither catastrophists nor optimists were right. ZTE said it was co-operating with the US authorities. It is not easy being a bear on China — at least, not this month. Data, events and even market moves are conspiring to complicate what, just a month ago, looked to be a relatively simple story. Bears may shrug, but they should tread carefully, too. @ Both parts of that case were also dented at the weekend.', '2016-03-09': 'Democrat Says Claim That Toddlers Can Learn Immigration Law Is \'Stupid\' : Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) said he felt "sheer anger" about the judge\'s comments. Weighing A High Court Nominee Trashes The Constitution, Republican Says : The reason? Obama is a "lame duck president with a stale mandate. " He Has No Realistic Path To Winning Before The GOP Convention. : He didn\'t win any delegates Tuesday night. But she suffered a surprise loss to Bernie Sanders in Michigan where polls had put her 20 points ahead. The sale of aviation and rocket fuel to Pyongyang is also banned. @ And it opposed earlier US draft resolutions. Since then, oil prices have plumbed new depths, and the markets have remained obsessed with fears about deflation. @ The marketing aspect of the deal makes sense. Vale would benefit from gaining access to volumes closer to China. As both have facilities there already, capital expenditure is expected to be minimal. @ The broker forecasts that Vale will realise just $2bn in operating cash flow, against capital expenditure of $6bn. In fact, the link between employee attitudes and business performance has been known for decades. One finding was that reducing the working day by half an hour saw productivity improve. @', '2016-03-10': 'Humanitarian workers described desperate scenes unfolding Thursday at the overwhelmed camp at Idomeni, Greece, where a severe lack of shelter was made worse by a month\'s worth of rain falling the previous day, according to the U.N. refugee agency. Read More"It\'s hard to feed and hard to support people medically. " I cover war zones, conflict and everything. Alan, his brother and their mother drowned while fleeing Syria. Five people died and more than 500 were rescued. CNN\'s Atika Shubert, Valentina Albini and Andrew Carey contributed to this report. Chesapeake Energy climbed 8 percent, Devon Energy rose 7 percent and Newfield Exploration rose 6 percent. It raised them for the first time in nine years in December. The agency also found two other suspected cases. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph The New York Stock Exchange On Wednesday. Wall Street has Been Climbing for Three Weeks. ( Once ratings are withdrawn, the MIRA joint venture will close. Data-crunching devices routinely notch up previously unthinkable victories. Generally, the inflation picture overall is quite tame. This marks the fourth consecutive year of Chinese  firms slashing prices of their goods, according to Reuters. " Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.', '2016-03-11': 'Neil deGrasse Tyson Narrating This Ballet Video Is Absolutely Mesmerizing : Everyone\'s favorite astrophysicist and the Dance Theatre of Harlem just created the most spellbinding video ever. Stocks swung between gains and losses on Thursday, then ended right back where they started. The effectiveness of central bank policy has become less and less," said Ernie Cecilia, chief investment officer of Bryn Mawr Trust. " There really isn\'t a lot of growth to show. Thursday was the seven-year anniversary of the current bull market, the third longest in history. But it is also a bull market that has been mistrusted and unloved from the start. Canadian Solar sank 13 percent and Vail Resorts lost 4 percent. U.S. crude shed 45 cents to $37.84 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Industrial and precious metals mostly rose. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart Freddie Mac Yields: Average for Some Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Securities. ( That company claims 3,000 centres in 120 countries with 1.5m members. Cameron\'s office said Friday that it welcomed Price\'s statement. " CNN\'s Athena Jones, Laura Perez Maestro and Jason Hanna contributed to this report.', '2016-03-12': 'A History of Poor Decision-Making : We cannot afford to elect a President with a history bad judgement, inconsistent positions, and who has used public service as a vehicle for private gain. In other words, we cannot afford the status-quo. Mike Huckabee Blames \'Thugs Out On The Street\' For Trump Rally Violence : The former presidential candidate ramps up his defense of the Republican front-runner. You can easily spend the time you intended to spend on a project instead looking for more projects. Although browsing is free, that time and energy you\'ve put into it is not. Trump Versus Rubio: Surprising Man of (Relative) Peace Vs. Marco Rubio may be young, well-spoken, and attractive. But his foreign policy judgment is awful. If you want more foolish, costly, and unnecessary wars, vote for Rubio. A jump in crude oil prices and strong gains in European markets set off a rally in U.S. stocks, the fourth consecutive week of gains for the major indexes. Devon Energy jumped 11 percent and Southwestern Energy gained 10 percent. We\'ve rallied after a horrendous start to the year." Over all, the rally has some investors worried. The Fed raised rates for the first time in nine years in December. District regulators rejected the merger twice before.', '2016-03-13': 'Sanders Fires Back At Clinton For Distorting His Health Care Record : Clinton accused Sanders of being absent during her fight for health care reform in the 1990s. Trade And Tribulation : Why did Bernie Sanders win a narrow victory in Michigan, when polls showed Hillary Clinton with a huge lead? With Hamas Watching, Singer Creates a (Modest) Sensation  : An easing of some decade-old cultural restrictions, including singing by women in front of men, has given Rawan Okasha an opportunity to start “achieving what is in my soul. ” There\'s not certainty that this would be a very big market." But the central bank officials did not directly address that proposal. Some experts are skeptical that such a program would resolve the problem. " Banks are positive about securitization," Mr. Zhou said. " If some assets can be packaged and sold off, they can adjust their balance sheets." We\'ve selected a small number of major financial institutions with quite high management standards to develop trials, and the credit involved in the initial trials is not large." Credit: CHRIS BUCKLEY; Keith Bradsher contributed reporting from Hong Kong.', '2016-03-14': 'Three hours a day is quite enough,” wrote John Maynard Keynes in his 1930 essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren. He was right to predict that we would be working less. We enter the workforce later, after long and not-always-arduous courses of study. Not all artificial intelligence is created equal. Publicity stunts that pit man against machine are nothing new. But a funny thing happened on the way to their demise. This phenomenon is on show on both sides of the Atlantic. But there are other ways of stimulating demand. But other officials are antsy about inflation. The Fed was widely expected to make the first of those increases this week. But the tightening has almost completely reversed. But even here, there has been considerable improvement." Job growth has outpaced economic growth, which remains relatively weak. Ashamed\' Breitbart Writers Revolt In Leaked Internal Messages : Michelle Fields is gone. We’ll have a good vote tomorrow,” he said at one rally. “ The British government has also set up a review into the state pension age. Eiji Hayashida, chief executive of JFE Holdings, said market conditions are expected to improve after China started to shut down steel factories to address excess industrial capacity. @', '2016-03-15': 'Not Exactly  : Last week’s airstrike against a training camp in Somalia shows how the executive branch has stretched a 2001 congressional authorization for military force originally aimed at Al Qaeda. Angela Merkel, down but not out : Recent elections in Germany show the far right is on the rise. But there is still a way to go before a full recovery. SGX recently received regulatory approval from the Singapore authorities. @ Investors remain wary of open official interference in China’s markets after last summer, when market volatility prompted the suspension of hundreds of stocks. Authorities have also intervened in the currency markets. If not, we can slow down new capacity expansion or even suspend it. ” The same applies to the Great Depression. Yet there are echoes we would be foolish to ignore. Western democracy faces no mortal threat. But it is going through an acute stress test. On both sides of the Atlantic, people have lost faith in their public institutions. They are also losing trust in their neighbours. Co-operation is fraying and open borders are in question. We can no longer be sure the centre will hold — or even that it deserves to. @ The most insidious trend is vanishing optimism about the future.', '2016-03-16': '4 Ways Millennial Women Can Boost Their Careers In 2016 : During Women\'s History Month, I find myself reflecting on where women stand in the world of work – and how they can be empoweredDonald Trump Wins Illinois Republican Primary : GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump triumphed in the Illinois primary on Tuesday. Trump, who is well on his way toBritish Treasury Chief Warns of ‘Brexit’ Risks and Cuts Growth Forecasts : The British treasury chief also unveiled tax cuts and more resources for education, as well as a tax on sugary drinks, in his annual budget presentation. She also won in Illinois, Florida and North Carolina. How quickly the narrative surrounding Chinese capital outflows has shifted. The $28.6bn drop in foreign exchange reserves in February was the smallest since October. @ I knew from that moment that I would never let it go," he said. " " Problems that had previously seemed inaccessible, now became open. My sense is a lot of investors feel like they\'re walking on  eggshells right now. I think the sentiment is still not bullish. The supply and demand imbalance still exists currently. We think oil will probably sit around the $40 to $45 which we\'re fine with.: Bonds issued by Volkswagen would almost certainly be eligible for the purchase program. The company is required to subtract the decline in value from profit.', '2016-03-17': ': \xa0 United States stocks rose on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged and indicated that it would raise rates more gradually than it had envisioned last year. The Fed now expects to raise interest rates two times this year instead of four. Lower rates also make stocks look more attractive to investors. Oil prices rose nearly 6 percent and pushed energy shares sharply higher. Energy companies were the top-performing sector in the market. The euro rose to $1.12 from $1.11 late Tuesday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( If we’re 20 votes short, or if we’re 100 short and we’re at 1,100 and somebody else is at 500 or 400 … I don’t think you can say that we don’t get it automatically,” Mr Trump said. “ ” A deal would create one of the world’s largest exchange operators, trading more than €5.2tn in equities and with more than 3,200 company listings. @ This is especially true in oversupplied industries. Last year, Mitsubishi UFJ and Mizuho took equity for debt owed by the struggling electronics maker. Investment bankers can heave a sigh of relief. Do not pop the champagne corks just yet, however. In America, everybody has a gun," he says.', '2016-03-18': 'Strife Lingers in Town Long After School Tests Are Mysteriously Posted Online : Documents circulating through a liberal New Jersey township lately are adding new fuel to a fierce, long-running battle over education philosophy in the local schools. For 2016, the consumer sector is likely to remain weak and factory deflation will continue. ” Ever since, I have been fascinated by the place. It is with this question in my mind that I have visited Delhi in recent days. This is partly because India retains so much potential. Yet, fourth, it also faces risks, external and internal. It is centralised in the office of the prime minister. It continues to spend large sums on inefficient subsidies. In the event, the results were ambiguous. EU leaders to present new refugee plan to Turkey - CNN : EU leaders to present new refugee plan to Turkey : Story highlightsThe European Council president will present the plan to Turkey\'s Prime Minister on FridayNegotiations have included talks on refugees in Greece being returned to TurkeyTurkey wants to become part of the 28-member European Union (CNN)European Union leaders have reached an agreement on the refugee crisis and will present it to Turkey on Friday, Luxembourg Prime Minister Xavier Bettel said on Twitter. I am cautiously optimistic, but frankly speaking, more cautious than optimistic," he said. EU-Turkey agreement complies with all EU & international laws. Europe will get a corresponding number of refugees in return. "', '2016-03-19': "Homo Sapiens' Sex With Extinct Species Was No One-Night Stand : Scientists say ancient bed-hopping has left a mark on the human genome. Fox News Rips Donald Trump's 'Sick Obsession' With Megyn Kelly : The network came out swinging after the GOP candidate called for a boycott of Kelly's show. What We Call Uber Drivers Has Huge Implications : A new paper argues it would be a big mistake to declare them anything but traditional workers. Facing Long Odds, G.O.P. Leaders Map Strategy to Derail Trump : If aggressive efforts to deny Mr. Trump the presidential nomination fail, the party leaders say they will try to field an independent candidate for the general election. Lobbyist With Friendly Ties to Mayor Reaps the Benefits : Mr. de Blasio has drawn criticism as Mr. Ickes, his longtime friend and mentor, has achieved lucrative results as a lobbyist for his firm’s clients in New York. Sanctions Eased, Iran Sends Black Market A Strategic Warning : A billionaire businessman’s death sentence signals a crackdown on violators, but Iran still needs underground networks in order to recoup money and generate trade despite remaining obstacles. In Louisiana, the Poor Lack Legal Defense : The constitutional obligation to provide criminal defense for the poor has been endangered by funding problems across the country, but nowhere more so than in Louisiana.", '2016-03-20': "McConnell: GOP Senators Can Go Rogue If Trump Wins Nomination : The Republican Party is having a hard time uniting behind Donald Trump. While the change is a hugeEl Niño Upsets Seasons and Upends Lives : The World Health Organization has estimated that changes related to the weather phenomenon are putting 60 million people at increased risk of malnutrition and illnesses. Putin has publicly called the church, which he attends, a vital part of Russian life and tradition. But for Obama's purposes, the trip is well timed. By going now, he gives his administration ten months to work on turning the momentum of the presidential visit into concrete agreements. Trump would be impossible at a time or a place where democratic commitments were more robust and where the temptations of yielding to a strong leader who operates outside of the normal rules of the game were less pronounced. Trump Courting Jewish Voters Wary of His Agenda and Bluster  : Donald J. Trump, whose disregard for the sensitivities of various religious and ethnic groups has hit a nerve among Jewish organizations, faces a difficult sell Monday. Gigantic Yellow Ducks Drafted In To Protest Against Brazil's President : The nation is enduring its deepest recession in 25 years.", '2016-03-21': 'Markets used to cheer when China’s exports rose, believing this showed the global economy was in good shape. But closer analysis of China’s important refining and petrochemical sector shows that a paradigm shift is under way. @ This has two important consequences for investors. The RBS deal marks its first foray into Europe. The company said it would be making a “multimillion” dollar investment to renovate the hotels. Monday is expected to see Apple reveal a 4-inch iPhone SE, the same size as the 5 series introduced in 2012 but with updated technology, including Apple Pay, a better camera and a faster processor. A fuller update to its flagship smartphone is still expected in September. For once, the word “historic” is not hyperbole. The US has removed Cuba from its list of state sponsors of terror. Commercial flights have been agreed  up to 110 a day are allowed. Travel restrictions on US visitors have been lifted. @ To the extent this also helps ordinary Cubans make their livelihood in ways that do not depend on the state, it is to be welcomed. Just when it seemed like Tips had entered an abyss, they threw a surprise party,” Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts wrote in a research report.', '2016-03-22': 'Investors have suffered losses of at least $150bn in the value of oil and gas company bonds, as the slump in crude prices since mid-2014 has fuelled fears of a wave of defaults in the US and emerging markets. @ Oil is still down 65 per cent from its June 2014 peak.: Stocks wavered, falling into the red at times, before steadying in the late afternoon. We likely move sideways until we get some clarity on earnings." William Lyon Homes was among the biggest decliners. Markets in Japan were closed for a holiday. United States government bond prices fell. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph Entering the New York Stock Exchange On Monday. A period of more stable values and maybe a little less passion in the market is what we’re envisioning for the year. ” Four months ago Microsoft scored a cyber coup. If you are tempted to shout “hooray”, that is understandable. After all, botnets pose a particularly pernicious threat since they are fiendishly hard to find. Coal-fired power consumes 7 percent of the world\'s freshwater, Greenpeace says. Air  France, for example, was down about 4 percent. Political  pressure is clear and this will only fuel your skeptics." Emons said the trend is this is likely  to continue. "', '2016-03-23': 'Anbang Insurance’s $20bn hotel-buying spree has been thrown into doubt by reports that Chinese regulators could block its bids for two big US chains. @ The first step is admitting you have a problem. If this familiar therapeutic imperative is correct, China may be on the path to salvation. Doing so would allow aggregate debt to fall, but only by redistributing dead capital. @ The money can be lent in turn to investors as margin finance. Albert Einstein is said to have defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. So it is not that central banks are not doing enough. It is that their policies are misguided and are hampering global rebalancing. It is relatively easy to identify a solid core of favoured locations in the US and Europe. Back then the opinion polls said that Mr Trump was well ahead in the race. But the conventional wisdom in Washington was that he would never win the Republican presidential nomination. So far IPOs globally have raised $12.8bn, according to Dealogic — one-third of last year’s total by this point — as January’s market turmoil rattled investor nerves. It comes at a time when China is promoting vaccine manufacture as a potential export industry. @ He had suffered from Parkinson’s Disease for many years. @ HUFFPOLLSTER: Could The Attacks In Brussels Help Donald Trump In The Primary? :', '2016-03-24': 'Task Force Finds Michigan State Officials Accountable In Flint Water Crisis : "It was a mixture of ignorance, incompetence and arrogance by many decision makers that created the toxic and tragic situation. " Its solution: Bring back the electric chair. The bill has passed the state House and Senate, and now awaits the governor\'s signature. Since 2009 alone, Connecticut, Illinois, Maryland, Nebraska and New Mexico have abolished the death penalty. In Ohio, Dennis McGuire gasped and convulsed for 10 minutes before dying. We can and will find these criminals and bring them to justice. ” What a difference a long weekend can make. So what might the more global Easter break do for sentiment? @ Since mid-February, charts have mostly pointed upwards but the mood has been not so much conviction, or even relief, as a vague feeling that what went down will probably go up. Nowhere is that clearer than in investor attitudes to Chinese equities. Take the Hong Kong-listed Chinese stocks of the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index. What is going to happen to the Chinese economy in the coming five years? The country confronts four principal challenges. Desperate times for the Republicans call for desperate measures. There is not much chance that the last minute ploy will work. Not all companies got caught up in the broad decline. The South Korean Kospi edged 0.1 percent lower.', '2016-03-25': "Democrats See Gains as Trump Targets a Wife  : Donald Trump’s nasty skirmish with Ted Cruz about Mr. Cruz’s wife, Heidi, has played into a Democratic strategy to defeat Mr. Trump in November: to portray him as an unabashed sexist. Being Irrational About Budgeting : People overreact to price or income changes within a category like gasoline, working to save or splurge more than they would for a similar change in overall income. In Arizona, Voters Demand: Why the Lines? : The long lines at Arizona polling places this week point toward potential problems ahead nationally at a time when 16 states will have new voting restrictions in place. Brazil Has Had A Crazy Month In Politics. With her presidency at risk, Dilma Rousseff's decision to bring former President Lula da Silva back into the fold has further inflamed her critics. A gentle moderation in China’s headline retail spending growth conceals multiple upheavals beneath the surface. This would follow a 10.2 per cent year-on-year growth in retail sales in the first two months of the year, down from a full-year 10.7 per cent in 2015 and 12 per cent in 2014. @ In China as elsewhere, the Rothschild name is synonymous with wealth and banking. However, some of his audiences in China may have been under the impression he was. @", '2016-03-26': "What's Behind the Brain Drain in the Former Soviet Union : One of the tragedies of living in a country that is both a dictatorship and a hotbed of corruption is that many people never get a chance to realize their potential, even with top educations and skills. These Charts Show Just How Much Puerto Rico Is Shrinking : The largest exodus in 50 years is emptying the island. Will Trump Be Able to Reverse His Unfavorables? : How Jeff Bezos Became a Power Beyond Amazon : More has gone right for Bezos lately than perhaps at any other time during his two-decade run in the public eye. Republicans Say Lyin' Ted Cruz And The Liar Donald Trump Are Equally Dishonest : GOP voters give them similar marks for honesty, though Trump's statements are false more often than Cruz's. The Scourge of Taxi TV, and a Tacky Move by HP : Taxi TV cannot disappear quickly enough. And HP tries to pitch an extended warranty to a customer who called to complain about a defective printer. With Obama’s Visit to Cuba, Old Battle Lines Fade : The president’s engagement policy and Raúl Castro’s minor opening to free-market ideas have created a new dynamic for Cuba that reveals what the country could become with more freedom to evolve.", '2016-03-27': "Hotel Chains and Travel Websites in a Tug of War for Customers : As brand loyalty dwindles, Hilton and Marriott have begun campaigns encouraging consumers to skip web agents like Expedia and book directly for low prices and perks. Sanders Gets Serious As New York Primary Approaches : In a mathematical squeeze to make up ground in the Democratic presidential race, Bernie Sanders is preparing to ratchet upDeal reached To Boost California's Minimum Wage To $15, Avoiding Ballot Box Battle : Lawmakers and labor unions have struck a tentative deal to raise the statewide minimum wage to $10.50 an hour next year andAlgerian Man Suspected Of Forging Documents Arrested As Brussels Investigation Widens : With links to the Paris attacks in November becoming clearer, European cooperation appears to be deepening. Along With Obama, the 21st Century Visited Cuba : In many ways, including a sharp visual contrast with President Raúl Castro, who is 84, Mr. Obama’s stay showed younger Cubans a prospect for an inviting future. If Hillary Wins the Nomination, She Should Choose Bernie for VP : If Hillary is the nominee, a Hillary-Bernie ticket will be a big winner, and a Clinton-Sanders administration will be a big winner for the American people. Prosecutor in New York Wins Acclaim in Turkey : A Twitter post announcing charges against the tycoon Reza Zarrab has made Preet Bharara, U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, a social media sensation.", '2016-03-28': "Manmade Earthquakes Are Putting Even More Of The Country At Risk : You're more likely to experience a damaging earthquake this year if you live in Oklahoma than if you live in California. But it is also an argument that looks increasingly out of date and at odds with the realities of the global economy and globalisation. He has also conducted himself with grace and dignity in office. @ We don’t beat Japan … We can’t beat Mexico, at the border or in trade.” Both men have vastly outperformed expectations in the primary campaigns. However, this headline number concealed a broad divergence. Nicki Shields: You have set an ambitious target of a 30% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020. We have also increased our bike structure. NS: Mexico City was notorious for being very dirty in the 1990s. I think we still have to be conscious about air quality and the pollutants. NS: What are the main issues around pollution? People are very positive and very excited. It's such a good message -- something that is a high-adrenalin sport which is also very environmentally friendly. The Future Of Crime-Fighting Or The Future Of Racial Profiling?:", '2016-03-29': "Trump Upends Battle for Control of Congress : Republican lawmakers are trying to distance themselves from Mr. Trump, while Democrats seize on the chance to run against a candidate who has offended huge sections of the electorate. That is similar to levels in Australia and France, countries with relatively high minimum wages. It means the value of the minimum wage for the over-25s, relative to median pay, is set to rise by as much in the five years to 2020 as it did in the previous 16.Consumerism in China is healthy. Chinese consumers’ tastes are becoming healthier too — and more Chinese. The move is mirrored in other industries. Growth, therefore, should be even better. @ In fact, they are still issuing these warnings. New Trump Aide Likes Strongmen For Clients : Remember the corrupt pro-Putin president of Ukraine? Stocks flipped between small gains and losses for most of the day. It grossed about $424 million worldwide, including $170 million in the United States. The stock rose $2.53, or 3.6 percent, to $72.54. But he said people were not sure that prices would stay low, so they had not increased their spending. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( A wall of tariffs against Mexico would probably do more harm than good. Last week, the U.S. took out the organization's No. Perhaps most significantly, Iraqi forces retook the city of Ramadi in December.", '2016-03-30': 'Nuclear Fuels Are Vulnerable Despite a Push : As President Obama gathers leaders for his last Nuclear Security Summit, tons of materials that terrorists could use to make small nuclear devices or dirty bombs remain vulnerable to theft. City’s Housing Agency Faulted for ‘Significant Flaws’ in Elevator Safety : A report by the Department of Investigation, started after an 84-year-old man died in an elevator in December, said the housing agency was too slow to react to problems on elevators.21 People Found Out Today They Won\'t Die In Prison : Obama granted clemency to 61 people on Wednesday -- but his pardon rate is far lower than what advocates hoped for. I consider it appropriate for the committee to proceed cautiously in adjusting policy," Ms. Yellen said. That was half as much as the Fed had predicted at the beginning of the year. But she said the significance was "far from conclusive." Many foreign websites, including Google, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and many foreign news websites, are already blocked. It would also encourage large state-owned companies to buy from farmers at market prices. But chairman Wu Xiaohui’s ability to draw on political connections to raise equity is only one part of the story. Son, there are many ways to make your fortune\xa0in this world. Plastics, oil, inventing Ubers for things. Our intelligence-sharing expectations were never met. There is just one problem: There might not be an election.', '2016-03-31': 'Some Of Donald Trump\'s Strongest Defenders Are Now Criticizing Him : Ann Coulter called Trump "mental" for going after Ted Cruz\'s wife. It has therefore dropped its case against Apple. @ Similarly, the finance arm of Chinese ecommerce group JD.com found itself able to raise $1bn in far less time than its local group of blue-chip investors anticipated. @ “ But we found there was no challenge to get the funding done. There is still a lot of capital in this region. ” In reality, however, what happens in the short term will shape the longer term as well. @ What might this analysis have to do with China? This might lead to a sudden halt in investment and a rapid depreciation. @ Such a sharp slowdown is not at all impossible. So market forces might impose a painful adjustment. Three of the fancy rides were hit with parking tickets. But we\'re guessing that the £320 (about $430) in fines is unlikely to dent his wallet. A photo posted by Turki Bin Abdullah (@turkiabdullah777) on Feb 12, 2015 at 7:06am PST   A photo posted by Turki Bin Abdullah (@turkiabdullah777) on Mar 9, 2016 at 10:54pm PST A recent post on the account even shows a cheetah in the driver\'s seat.', '2016-04-01': 'Death Toll From East Damascus Air Strikes Rises To More Than 30 : The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the strikes were carried out by Syrian aircraft, despite a month-long "cessation of hostilities. At the time MSCI said it would remove China from its annual review process. The bonds’ trustee, Bank of New York Mellon, said late on Thursday it had received a clarification notice from Guosen that sought to “correct statements set out in earlier communications”. The official manufacturing PMI came in at 50.2 in March, versus economists’ expectations of 49.4. The services sector traditionally does a little better. Why Decorated Officer Sued Army Over Beard : Capt. The steel crisis has two interacting causes. There is a long-term problem of competitiveness. The process was time-consuming, but we secured agreement and payments are now being made.: Combining Starwood with Marriott will create the biggest hotel company in the world, with more than 5,500 owned or franchised hotels and 1.1 million rooms. What happened to Anbang\'s takeover effort is unclear. Analysts said that Marriott would be hard-pressed to beat that price, since doing so could hurt its earnings per share. People involved in the transaction spoke on the condition of anonymity. Photograph The W Hotel in Los Angeles, Owned by Starwood Hotels & Resorts.', '2016-04-02': ': \xa0 After years of economic desperation, American workers are finally regaining some of the ground they lost in the last decade\'s recession and the pallid recovery that followed. Companies have been hiring in recent months at a pace not seen before in this century. I was particularly encouraged by the pickup in labor force participation." Things are moving in the right direction, but very slowly." In fact, the manufacturing sector was one of the few weak spots in the economy last month, losing 29,000 jobs. Those were boom years that we look back on very fondly, so to have that level of job growth again is pretty remarkable." To lure software developers with three to five years under their belt, Mr. Ochstein has to pay about $100,000 a year. We will take our cue about the overall strength of the economy based on that." So why push rates higher and potentially choke off that process?" Photograph Construction On the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas On Monday. She linked Bernie Sanders and tea party Republicans. And she bristledElectoral Map a Reality Check to a Trump Bid : As Donald J. Trump moves closer to the Republican nomination, his unpopularity with large groups of voters suggests a potentially staggering loss in a general election. The only surprising thing is that no one has come up with this idea before now.:', '2016-04-03': "Delegate Fight Casts North Dakota in New Role: Relevance : The sudden importance of North Dakota, where Republicans will select delegates on Sunday, is a sign that the G.O.P. could be headed to its first contested national convention in 40 years. Pointing to Cash, Not Health, to Make a Soda Tax Palatable : The mayor of Philadelphia thinks a tax will go down easier when it’s about raising money for something, not just about making people drink less soda. Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Riyadh last week for an official visit full of diplomatic significance. Home equity loans and lines of credit are once again being pushed by banks hungry for profitable business, according to a recent Wall Street Journal article. It's as if the lessons learned from the housing crisis have been wiped away. Iran Reciprocates US's Favor by Increasing Anti-Americanism and Warmongering in the Middle East : From the US government's perspective, the rules of the nation-state systems and existing international norms suggest that if the US does a favor for a country (in this case, the Islamic Republic), Tehran will absolutely reciprocate.", '2016-04-04': 'Alaska Air To Buy Virgin America For $2.6 Billion : The move will expand Alaska Air\'s presence on the U.S. West Coast. BEIJING -- A year and a half ago, negotiators from the United States persuaded the Chinese government to commit to a deadline for reversing the growth in greenhouse gas emissions from China. If so, there could be important consequences. It could also put pressure on the United States and other nations to meet their own goals and set more ambitious ones. Scientists measure emissions by extrapolating from official energy data and can provide only rough estimates for emissions from individual countries. Even then, economic changes could result years later in a resurgence in emissions. Together, these policies may be paying off faster than expected. But there is also a strong case for less optimism. Other skeptics note that Chinese cities are still growing. China has more industrialization and urbanization to do, which needs energy," he said. China would be playing a leadership role in climate change." Credit: EDWARD WONG; Mia Li contributed research. Photograph Grave Markers in a Cemetery Near a Coal-Burning Power Plant in Shanxi, in Northern China. ( British Museum Urged To Sever Ties With BP : A group of leading scientists and artists have called the oil company "a barrier to progress.', '2016-04-05': "Cruz Is Fuming Because Kasich Won&#8217;t Bow Out  : As Senator Ted Cruz looks beyond Wisconsin, where he is favored to win on Tuesday, his frustrations with the Ohio governor have increasingly been laid bare. A new class of Chinese dealmaker has joined the global heavyweights of mergers and acquisitions — business leaders with the connections, confidence and backing to pursue their own multibillion-dollar takeovers, and even gatecrash others. @ Chinese deals, at $101bn, accounted for roughly a third of that cross-border activity, an all-time high. For many years, Taiwan has prospered as a vital link in the global supply chain. It’s fair to say we’ve got a good team but we’ve been underweight in China. American stocks fell slightly in quiet trading on Monday as investors worked through several company announcements and prepared for the start of company earnings releases. Health care companies were solidly higher. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index lost 6.65 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,066.13 and the Nasdaq composite lost 22.75 points, or 0.5 percent, to 4,891.80. The low expectations for company earnings mean that stock values remain relatively high. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (", '2016-04-06': "Ferguson Voters Give Split Result on Funding Police Overhaul  : Voters in the St. Louis suburb turned down part of a tax increase package that city leaders had described as essential for carrying out a legal settlement with the Justice Department. Disney shares fell after the company's expected successor to Robert A. Iger, its chief executive, announced he was leaving the company. The Nasdaq composite fell 47.86 points, or 1 percent, to 4,843.93. Shares opened lower and remained down all day. Investors moved into traditional areas of safety, including gold and government bonds. The market is coming off a multiweek rally that erased nearly all of its losses from earlier in the year. Her comments weighed on the European and Asian markets. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( They are also wary of new shocks that might emanate from large developing economies such Brazil, China and Russia. @ Ted Cruz has convincingly beaten Donald Trump in the Republican primary in Wisconsin, raising the odds that the party’s presidential nominee will be decided at a contested convention in Cleveland. @ The Bank of Japan provides the most notable example of impotence. @ However, recent data suggest the tide is turning, at least temporarily. The Caixin purchasing managers’ indices for both manufacturing and services rose sharply in March. The 50-point level separates contraction from expansion.", '2016-04-07': 'New York Region Poses Fresh Test for Clinton Bid : Mrs. Clinton’s Senate victory was fueled by the unlikely support of white working-class voters there, but she faces new challenges in securing that kind of support again. Other employees were said to be dismissed. Energy companies also jumped as the price of oil surged. Stocks wavered in recent weeks as investors wait for quarterly earnings to start pouring in, and many are bracing for another shaky quarter. Halliburton climbed $2.04, or 5.9 percent, to $36.44. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( The following five factors are among those that could determine crude’s next move. @ Wisconsin’s electorate deserves a vote of thanks. But Mr Trump is a preposterous candidate. As ever, Mr Trump is happily supplying the evidence himself. In the past fortnight his stream of gaffes has become a torrent. Last year, it teamed up with Baidu to offer digital insurance in China, and also expanded in the Philippines. @ China is both the largest producer and consumer of the metal. Does China need Alibaba as much as Alibaba needs China? From an economic perspective, the answer might be “yes”. That does not mean that Alibaba is immune to political risk. Even for the private sector, such favour has suddenly become more critical. An attack last month, allegedly using U.S.-supplied weapons, killed over 100 people.', '2016-04-08': 'Charles Evans, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, picked a good week to visit Hong Kong. The national ID card also is used for voting. The IACHR is a branch of the Organization of American States. " This segment is the victim of systemic discrimination," Mendez said. A Dominican boy of Haitian descent rides his bike in Esperanza, Dominican Republic, in July 2015. Because of time constraints, the commissioners asked questions, but requested that the replies be submitted in writing later. Friday was the final day of week of hearings before the commission. Absence does not always make the heart grow fonder. On Thursday shares in ZTE, the Chinese telecom equipment maker, resumed trading after a one-month suspension. The market sold them down by one-tenth. @ Given the risks that have come to light, this will have to change. If economists are to be believed, vast numbers of jobs will have evaporated by the time today’s pupils reach the labour market. The US invested heavily in education, with good results. Workers reaped the benefits through better jobs and higher wages. Diesel Pollution Is Affecting Dozens of Communities.', '2016-04-09': 'Friday Talking Points -- Marijuana Policy Questions for the Candidates : There was some good news and some bad news on marijuana this week, which got us thinking about how the subject of federal marijuana policy relates to the presidential nomination race. Hillary and Bill and Paul Krugman Race to the Right to Stop the Bern : Remember several weeks ago when Hillary Clinton was complaining that Democrats did not consider her a "progressive?" Looking for Solid Footing : The first quarter took investors on a wild ride, with stocks plunging into an abyss and then rocketing back out. Behind a Powerful Portfolio, a Successful Career : Two new books on saving and investing discuss making career moves that raise the value of your labor, which in turn can help you save more. Trump’s Trial Balloons Catching Up With Him : None of Donald Trump’s tune changes seemed to matter much until recently. But his style — long on gut instincts, short on briefing books — has taken a toll. Donald J. Trump and Gov. John Kasich of Ohio had none. These Jimmy John\'s Workers Were Fired Illegally. Five Years Later, They Might Get Their Jobs Back. : The long wait shows just how weak our labor laws are. Reporters investigating the huge leak of financial data', '2016-04-10': 'Cameron Releases Tax Data After Panama Papers Uproar : Mr. Cameron, the British prime minister, admitted that he had bungled his response to questions about his inheritance from his father, who had an offshore investment company. Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk to step down - CNN : Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk to step down : Story highlights"We cannot let the government be destabilized when the country is at war," PM Arseniy Yatsenyuk saysUkrainian President Petro Poroshenko had called for Yatsenyuk to step down in FebruaryKiev, Ukraine (CNN)Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk announced Sunday that he will resign amid an ongoing political crisis. His formal resignation is expected Tuesday. The core of our problems is not purely political. The fighting has also contributed to the ravaged state of Ukraine\'s economy. I agree that the country can no longer put up with the absence of the authorities. Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev. Bernie Sanders: \'Something Is Clearly Lacking\' In Hillary Clinton\'s Judgment : "I have my doubts about what kind of president she would make. " Then, the recipient of the offer begins reading the fine print. Supporting evidence comes from modern science, as sleep deprivation symptoms include lack of judgment, inability to process basic information, irritability, mood swings and a paranoid tendency to spout conspiracy theories. In the meantime, all the candidates could do the electorate a favor and get some sleep.', '2016-04-11': "Verizon Workers To Strike This Week If They Don't Get A Contract : It would be the biggest U.S. strike since 2011.The ebb and flow of asset values this year has been larger than on previous occasions, but it is very unlikely that we are at a long-term inflection point for emerging markets. @ Against a background of sentiment-motored noise, one can pick up the steadily louder hum\xa0of increasing EM leverage, the bulk of it in the corporate sector. Yet EM corporate credit has held up better than\xa0US high yield. Donald Trump wants to slap punitive tariffs on China. Hillary Clinton opposes the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership she once hailed as a gold standard for a new generation of free trade deals. Republicans are embracing Democrat demands for “fair” trade. This is about more than the raw political emotions stirred by a US presidential race. Free trade has been a powerful source of prosperity. Things will get back to normal once the cacophony of the presidential contest subsides. History and statistics tell a more complex story, according to criminologists. However, since the start of the year, the currency has appreciated slightly. @ Total foreign investment approvals were A$194bn last year, up from A$167bn in the year to end-June 2014. @", '2016-04-12': "John Kasich Is Seemingly Baffled By Young Women Who Get Politics : No, sir, they don't want T-Swift tickets, they want answers. Interpreting the vagaries of foreign exchange markets is a risky business. The yen’s current level is hardly a ringing endorsement of Abenomics. This has proved more successful than could reasonably have been hoped. We have not seen a war between leading powers. Global living standards have risen faster than at any point in history. Yet a revolt against global integration is under way in the west. India could come to rue a missed opportunity to implement a more ambitious reform agenda. @ A week earlier Tay was taken offline for posting outrageous racist comments and sexist abuse. But Microsoft is not alone in exploring bot-space. @ Policy measures taken so far have paid off. As China’s population ages and becomes wealthier, money will surely flow into healthcare. Yet there are few obvious ways for investors to benefit. The state’s vote totals, in two close races for both parties, were not made official until now.", '2016-04-13': 'The Next Primary; Competitive, Yes, but Polls Still Show Clinton and Trump Ahead in New York : On the Democratic side in Tuesday’s New York primary, Senator Bernie Sanders has somewhat narrowed the gap on Hillary Clinton’s wide advantage, according to recent polls. It had been operating in legal limbo since then. Girls And Boys Outraged By Wage Gap For Chores, Give Us Hope For Future : “It should be flat out illegal. ” Data released today by the General Administration of Customs showed China’s dollar-denominated exports rose 11.5 per cent year on year in March, beating expectations of 10 per cent growth, while imports fell 7.6 per cent for the period, short of an expected 10.1 per cent drop. @ Australian investors jumped into several small companies last year, making them a lot larger in terms of market value. Blackmores, the health supplement producer, is one such name. Bears also suggest this may herald more general regulatory scrutiny of such wares. But, as JPMorgan points out, the effective change so far is minimal. There are also exemptions for certain goods. Twenty five years ago, hope was in the air. There was hope even in Iraq following the conclusion of Operation Desert Storm. “ Few had any illusions that Saddam Hussein would change his spots. But removing him would be difficult — and would come at the cost of antagonising allies in the Arab world.', '2016-04-14': 'Israel to Charge Soldier in Killing of Palestinian : The episode, captured on video, has pitted military and defense officials who say procedures were breached against those who see the soldier as a hero. One start-up, Emao.com, which aims to be an online platform for car dealerships, has based its entire marketing strategy around losing money. “ The two are of the Independence variant LCS. Ships of this variant are 416.8 feet in length with a beam of 103.7 feet and a displacement of 3,100 metric tons. Click through the gallery to see more of the LCS classes. It features permanent exhibitions on the shared regional heritage of tea, Buddhist art and textiles and special expositions on Islamic jade and Korean and Japanese pottery. Productivity is not everything, but in the long run it is almost everything. But the prospects for productivity are not important just to Mr Osborne. Is it reasonable to expect a return to buoyant pre-crisis productivity growth? Or will it end up somewhere in between? @ This is not unlike the position smartphone makers are in today. Gay activists were not expecting the case to have much chance of succeeding. Hit them where it hurts: in the pocket that holds the library privileges. @ It must be such fun being a government official in China: apparently nothing is off limits. The first-ever onshore corporate bond default', '2016-04-15': "Big Soda Wins In California: Beverage Tax Dies In Legislature : It appears the effort to pass a statewide two-cents-per-ounce tax on sugar-sweetened beverages has died in California, atBernie Sanders Is Running Against Hillary Clinton And Losing Against Time : The Brooklyn-born senator had a good night. But he needed something bigger in his homecoming debate. Bernie Sanders Suspends Staffer For Being As Tough On Israel As He Is : Sanders' Democratic debate comments on Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu and the Palestinian conflict echo those that got Simone Zimmerman suspended. Trade data released on Wednesday showed imports and exports\xa0beating expectations in March. The US challenge, launched in February 2015, took issue with incentives for Chinese exporters in seven sectors: textiles, apparel and footwear  advanced materials and metals  light industry  specialty chemicals  medical products  hardware and building materials  and agriculture. Directives include exhibition promotion, personnel training and art industry development. The partnership is in many ways timely and prescient. Buying a bond with a negative yield, and holding it to maturity is a guaranteed way to lose money. Today, the scars are largely healed but growth is still slow. Some of the decline is due to ageing, some to lower productivity growth. Indeed, a quarter of the world economy now suffers negative interest rates. As a result, they are forced to divert money from current spending into savings. But this does not mean the objection makes sense. Inside the List : Hope Jahren, whose memoir, “Lab Girl,” is No.", '2016-04-16': 'Saudi Arabia Warns Of Economic Fallout If Congress Passes 9/11 Bill : Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration and members of Congress that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollarsU.S. Plans To Step Up Military Campaign Against ISIS : The Obama administration is preparing to broaden its military campaign against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria by increasingTrucks Are Getting More Dangerous And Drivers Are Falling Asleep At The Wheel. Angela Merkel Must Go : German Chancellor Angela Merkel should step down. U.S. stocks took small losses in quiet trading Friday as energy companies sank with the price of oil, but the market finished higher for the week. We\'re in a wait and see market," said Kate Warne, investment strategist for Edward Jones. " The prices of wholesale gasoline, heating oil and natural gas also slumped. Ministers from major oil-producing countries will meet this weekend in Qatar to discuss their production policies. Of course, a deal is far from a sure thing. " Still, other recent data suggests a brightening outlook. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( SunEdison\'s precarious situation was hardly a surprise. The proposed merger was scrapped last month. Now, it is unclear how it and its affiliates will emerge. The Company Aimed to Be a Global Leader in Renewable Energy. (', '2016-04-17': 'PREDICTING NEW YORK: Hillary\'s Experience + Sanders Agenda = Clinton45. : But Clinton wins handily because a practical progressive beats a walking-wish-list now campaigning with acrimony and sanctimony. " Sunday Roundup : This week, the nation watched Kobe Bryant say goodbye to an historic career, while the Golden State Warriors capped a history-making season. The combatants on the other coast were less inspiring. The next day, The Washington Post estimated that Cruz will pick up 130 to 170 delegates on a second ballot - enough to potentially deny Trump the nomination. As loudly as Trump complains, it\'s notable that it\'s in the most business-like aspects of the campaign -- deal-making -- that Trump is failing. If he can\'t make a deal with his own party, he\'ll never get that chance to make a deal forcing Mexico to pay for his wall. The Mamba\'s gone, but too-big-to-fail lives on. Will Bernie\'s People Back Hillary in November? : Sanders has closed gaps like this, but mainly in states that allow independents to vote in party primaries. His path to a delegate majority would still be exceedingly steep. And it would put the remaining states, most notably Pennsylvania and California, seriously in play. PREDICTING NEW YORK: Hillary\'s Experience + Sanders Agenda = Clinton45. :', '2016-04-18': "Ecuador Earthquake Death Toll Rises To Over 400, Billions In Damage : The country was hit with a 7.8 magnitude quake two days ago. It Just Got Harder For LA Police To Confiscate Homeless People's Possessions : Cops often fail to distinguish between contaminated property and that which is essential for homeless people to survive. In addition to the confirmed fatalities, more than 1,000 people were injured and 184,000 evacuated from their homes. In a graphic illustration of the earthquake’s power, the Great Aso Bridge — a single span of 206m opened in 1970 — collapsed into the ravine of the Black River below. @ Kumamoto city, close to the epicentre, has a large semiconductor industry, while manufacturers such as Sony and Honda also have factories in the region. The quake left companies scrambling to determine the damage to their plants, sparking fears of disruption to the global supply chain. He said that support for the rescuers from neighbouring countries was on its way. “ Immediate priority is to rescue those [trapped] among the rubble,” he said on Twitter. Mr Moiseev candidly said these were being made more urgent by western sanctions on Russia. The prospect of a partial freeze on oil production at current levels. A couple of days of rising prices on the market. @ The reality, however, is more complicated. @ They were unsophisticated to start with, but as the year progressed they drastically improved.", '2016-04-19': 'Wilmer Valderrama Explains One Of The \'Major Problems\' In This Election : And shares what he believes is putting the Latino community in a difficult situation. China’s foreign ministry “told us he has to stay at home to focus on the economy”, said one Beijing-based diplomat. @ But no agreement to freeze production could be reached, let alone a decision to make cuts. Share prices soared when oil trod water above $100 per barrel up to mid-2014, and then initially went higher after oil halved. Some students had been diagnosed with cancer, the reports said. @ Shares in BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, two of the world’s biggest producers, rose in London. @ The market is maybe finding some resilience here and maybe looking back on the fundamentals of the earnings season and seeing it\'s not so bad." Baker Hughes shares gained $1.90, or 4.3 percent, to $45.70. But its results still beat Wall Street expectations. Major stock indexes in Europe also closed higher. Precious and industrial metals futures ended narrowly mixed. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Democrats Are Winning The Supreme Court Fight Over Merrick Garland.', '2016-04-20': "Silver Apologizes as Prosecutors Seek a Sentence of More Than 14 Years : The government said the former Assembly speaker’s sentence should be “greater than any sentence imposed on other New York State legislators convicted of public corruption offenses. ” A weak Canadian dollar has helped create foreign demand. Utah Declared Pornography A 'Health Crisis.' The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index eked out small gains. The Nasdaq fell 19.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 4,940.33. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Elon Musk, billionaire entrepreneur and minimum wage earner. There is a decent prospect, however, that his increase will be rather bigger. @ They were to be paid in 10 tranches subject to 10 operational targets. Six related to putting the Model X and Model 3 into production. Many a new relationship is sealed with the ritual smartphone “scan” of one anothers’ WeChat QR code. Its fiscal deficit is set to widen to 19 per cent of gross domestic product this year. Bernie Sanders Spent $9 Per Vote In New York. With 54 per cent of the vote counted, Mr Trump had won 61.5 per cent of the ballots.", '2016-04-21': 'G.O.P. Backs Off on Aiding Races Down the Ticket : The Republican National Committee’s decision to hold off on spending in some contested states shows how a divisive presidential race is threatening the entire ticket. That compared to a 12 per cent drop in the prior year quarter. @ Nor are their tastes limited to the haute. Yesterday came news that Lexmark, the US maker of printers and business software, will sell itself to a consortium of Chinese companies. Lexmark is not junk food but is the sort of meal that requires time in the microwave to be palatable. Its shares have drifted sideways for a decade. And it plays in an industry where size matters. Hewlett-Packard has printer sales nearly 6 times as large. Traditionally, officials have taken it upon themselves to ensure that they use their entire annual budget. @ “ Some outbound delegations were delayed, foreign receptions were curtailed and the official expenditure on vehicles was cut. ” Incisive Chinese companies have long been sinking their teeth into their western rivals. Beyond the sandbanks, the blast furnace looms cold and large through the mist. @ For almost 170 years, iron and then steelmaking underpinned Teesside’s economy and self-image. Trade growth is slowing and international financial flows are stuttering. Are we seeing the demise of globalisation? @ While some aspects of globalisation are reversing — probably for good reasons — others are growing. Consider how cross-border financial flows have changed since the crisis of 2007-08.', '2016-04-22': "The Huge Question Uber's $100 Million Settlement Leaves Unanswered : The outcome of similar, pending lawsuits could upend the company's whole business model. Paul Volcker faced a major economic crisis when he took the helm of the US Federal Reserve Board in 1979. To curb roaring inflation he decided to confront the dragon with exceptional monetary policies. In February 1945 President Franklin Roosevelt, on his way home from the Yalta summit with Winston Churchill and Joseph Stalin, met King Abdul Aziz ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia aboard the USS Quincy, anchored in the Great Bitter Lake midway up the Suez Canal. Having settled the dispositions of postwar Europe, Roosevelt laid a foundation stone of the postwar Middle East. The US, in essence, would guarantee the security and integrity of Ibn Saud’s Arabian kingdom — united by the sword in 52 battles over 30 years — while the Saudis would guarantee the free flow of oil at reasonable prices. @ The taxi aggregating companies say the higher fares help balance demand and supply. Iron ore is key source of profits for companies such as BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto and Brazil’s Vale. Last week, multiple agencies led by the People’s Bank of China approved a plan for cleaning up internet finance, respected business news magazine Caixin reported on its website. Uber Settles Class-Action Lawsuits For Price Of Up To $100 Million : The challenged presented a major threat to Uber's business model.", '2016-04-23': 'A Lesson America Can Teach : Europe clearly has a problem with anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, and intolerance toward new immigrants. Harsh Criminal Justice Policies Hurt The Economy, White House Says : Crowded prisons and excessively long sentences are counterproductive, economists say. The caveat is that from the European study, relaxing penalties had equally unpredictable results. Annan\'s statement needs that bit of context. Despite recent improvements, northernFeds Unlock New York iPhone And Drops Case Against Apple : This makes two attempts the feds have dropped to try to get Apple to break into locked iPhones. Obama said that the United States is still analyzing what happened. " Although more often than not they fail in these tests, they gain knowledge each time they engage in these tests. Here are some of the regime\'s more colorful threats against the West. North Korea reportedly threatened to "wipe out the aggressors." Pyongyang carried out its fourth nuclear test in January. It\'s 100 meters underground thus riding the escalator down to the station takes a couple of minutes. Grab the flowers, go to the monument, bow, and lay the flowers there." The underground network has two lines and 17 stations. CNN\'s K.J. Kwon, Kevin Liptak, Barbara Starr, Catherine E. Shoichet and Richard Roth, and journalist Kim Jung-Eun, contributed to this report.', '2016-04-24': 'Michelle Obama Speaks In Mississippi, Slams Its New Anti-LGBT Law : "If we fail to exercise our fundamental right to vote, then I guarantee that so much of the progress we’ve fought for will be under threat. " North Korea Says Submarine Ballistic Missile Test \'Great Success\' : Concern has been growing that North Korea could soon conduct another nuclear test. U.S. To Send 250 Additional Military Personnel To Syria : HANOVER, Germany, April 25 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama confirmed on Monday that he had approved the deployment ofCharles Koch: Clinton Might Make Better President Than Republican Candidates : Despite their aversion to Trump, the Kochs claim they won\'t use any of their billions to block him from winning the nomination. Bernie Sanders Says He\'s Lost States Because \'Poor People Don\'t Vote\' : But low-income voters have actually turned out in greater numbers for Hillary Clinton. Here\'s The Candidate Who Could Help Bernie Sanders\' Dreams Come True : If Braddock mayor John Fetterman can pull off an upset in Pennsylvania\'s primary, Sanders could get a kindred spirit in the U.S. Senate. Turkey’s Seizure of Property for War Restoration Alarms Armenians : The diaspora and rights groups have been unnerved by expropriations in Diyarbakir, where the government is fighting militants and where, it says, it will return properties after restoration is complete. Is Monday the Beginning of the End for Sisi in Egypt? :', '2016-04-25': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump Drags GOP Down On Critical Issues : Republicans typically poll well on foreign policy and economic issues, but Trump changes that. Ted Cruz-John Kasich Pact Gets Off To A Bad Start : It seems like no one is on the same page. This is what to expect fromthe week ahead. OIL INDUSTRY Fallout continues over lower oil prices. Why is this Federal Reserve meeting less important than most Fed meetings? Everyone else can safely pass over this one. Yet the company still has much to prove to Wall Street. Emily Steel Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES Photograph Volkswagen Will Hold a News Conference On Thursday. ( So far things haven’t played out that way. @ We cannot guarantee the same access people currently enjoy to healthcare and housing if these trends continue. JUST WATCHEDWhat is the European Union?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat is the European Union? " The implications for European and British security are all too plain. Why Brexit could hurt the U.S., tooCNN\'s Alanna Petroff and Mark Thompson contributed to this report. The courts work, and so do the tax authorities. They have promised smaller states and less bureaucracy. The music industry has opened a new front in', '2016-04-26': 'Trump’s Jet Is Cleared to Fly After Maneuver Fixes Registration Issue : Mr. Trump submitted a new registration after selling his Cessna plane, which had been grounded by the Federal Aviation Administration, to a company he controls. 3 could deliver clean drinking water to Brooklyn and Queens within 48 hours if Tunnel No. They\'re increasing the air activities, they\'re increasing the missions, they\'re increasing the training," he said of Russia. " This is the thing that we are seeing every single day. A total of 744 were built, the last of those in 1962. A single B-52 can carry 70,000 pounds of mixed munitions, including bombs, missiles and mines. Jaguar Land Rover expects to sell more vehicles in China than anywhere else in 2016, highlighting how upmarket carmakers are hoping for strong sales this year in spite of the country’s economic slowdown. @ One point to look at is their own leverage as well as their fears for companies. @ Sure, its borrowing generates remarkably scary numbers. The television weather forecasts were showing swirls of white across the northeastern US. It may have been spring, but snow was on its way. @ As a result, our luggage had not been loaded. There was also no food or drink on board. Will Uber\'s New \'Drivers Association\' Have Any Real Power? : If it does, the association could be on shaky legal ground.', '2016-04-27': 'Ted Cruz\'s New Running Mate Isn\'t All That Popular : There\'s a reason Carly Fiorina dropped out of the presidential race. Here\'s Why That Didn\'t Sway Baltimore Voters. : People "kind of scratched their head" over his bid to become mayor. But geology experts caution that the sensitivity of the issue means it may not be published, noting that an earlier one in 2014 was initially classed a state secret. Wall Street had been expecting earnings of $2 a share on revenues of $52bn. I consider myself the presumptive nominee,” Mr Trump declared in a victory speech at Trump Tower in New York. “ Senator Cruz and Governor Kasich should really get out\u2009 of the race. ” Stocks finished mostly higher on Tuesday in another cautious day of trading. Energy companies climbed in tandem with the price of oil, but technology companies fell. The market wavered between small gains and losses throughout the day. The commentary is going to be very closely parsed." Chemical companies and makers of mining and construction equipment reported solid quarterly results. The panelists said evidence did not show the drug to be effective. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 5 cents, or 3.5 percent, to $1.57 a gallon. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Mrs. Clinton won Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Delaware.', '2016-04-28': 'Supreme Court Approves Rule Change To Expand FBI Hacking Power : Democratic Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, condemned the rule change as having "significant consequences for Americans’ privacy," and vowed to introduce legislation to reverse it. Such episodes are a growing concern for international investors. If you don’t accept receivables, you have no business. The March numbers are the strongest since July 2014. @ Messinis said the rescuers counted 29 dead bodies -- 10 men and 19 women, all between 20 and 30 years old. " I\'ve (seen) in my career a lot of death," he said. " I cover war zones, conflict and everything. Passengers had rushed to the port side, a shift in weight that proved too much. So not everyone has been able to partake in  the bull market. For the investors who are dipping a toe back in  now, it\'s late in the cycle." But then they reversed course and drove yields sharply lower. Some measures of expectations have shown signs of rebounding. Another batch of data, through March, is scheduled for publication on Friday. The problem facing the Fed, however, is the same one it has been facing for some time. The move will give Zuckerberg more control.', '2016-04-29': 'Listen Carefully for Hints of the Next Global Recession : The stories people tell one another about the state of the economy can translate into reduced spending, which may, in turn, contribute to a downturn. The question is this: What are they doing all day? Because whatever it is, it barely seems to be registering in economic output. But this has been going on for some time. During the 2008 recession, labor productivity soared. Was this because employers laid off their least productive workers first? Here\'s one analysis that emphasizes the first explanation.) That is a long way of saying we don\'t know for sure what is going on right now, or how long it will last. But the possible answers range from utterly depressing to downright optimistic. Fortunately, this isn\'t the only possible one. The question is whether it\'s larger than it used to be." It hires a bunch of people and opens new offices and builds new factories. There\'s a recent precedent for that pattern. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Both yardsticks contain a measure of truth. Photograph Workers Assembling S.U.V.S at a General Motors Plant in Arlington, Tex. The “foreign non-governmental organisations management law” has generated criticism from overseas organisations and Chinese civil society, as it threatens to hit international funding for programmes spanning health, education, the environment and workers’ rights. @ Applepopularised the smartphone market with the launch of the first iPhone in 2007.', '2016-04-30': 'Ending Impasse, Irish Leaders Agree on a Government : The agreement, which follows an inconclusive election and two months of political deadlock, is likely to result in the re-election of Enda Kenny as prime minister. Big Names Flee : A remarkable range of leading Republicans have been emphatic publicly or privately that they do not want to be considered as Donald J. Trump’s running mate. It\'s a remarkable testimony to the economic failure of the euro and the eurozone." And there are few signs that things will improve soon. Even "hanging on" may amount to an aspiration. of just below [euro]10 trillion, or about $11.3 trillion. This has made European goods cheaper on world markets. We shouldn\'t therefore expect growth to be much greater than it is today. This is, quite frankly, as good as it gets." AuthorAffiliation PETER S. GOODMAN Follow Peter S. Goodman on Twitter: @petersgoodman. Stocks fell Friday as health care and technology companies continued to report weak first-quarter results, but late buying allowed them to avoid major losses. The cloud-based Amazon Web Services performed well. Japanese markets were closed for a holiday Friday.', '2016-05-01': "Puerto Rico Makes\xa0Its Most Significant Default Yet : Governor Padilla on Sunday declared a moratorium on a $422 million debt payment due Monday. Confidence Crumbles Inside Cruz Camp As Indiana Primary Nears : BURLINGAME, Calif. — Ted Cruz is speaking confidently about knocking off Donald Trump to take the GOP nomination, but hisA Letter to American Friends : We have built up such incredible trust relations in the last 70 years. We are convinced that the US will continue to play a leading role in the world and remain a good partner to us in the coming years. Defeating Terrorism Requires Prioritizing Development : United States' piecemeal counterterrorism strategy is failing because it prioritizes surveillance and killing individual terrorists over addressing the fundamental social and economic issues that empower and sustain terrorist groups. Former Allies Say Brazil’s Leader Has a Temper That Has Hurt Her : Many political analysts say the president’s slow-motion downfall is tied to an autocratic persona and a go-it-alone work style that has driven away scores of political allies. Making a Case for Using Street Art to Enliven Stretches of the Bronx : John Beltran, who is known as SinXero, has successfully convinced a number of Bronx landlords to allow artists to paint large murals on their walls. Puerto Rico Makes\xa0Its Most Significant Default Yet : Governor Padilla on Sunday declared a moratorium on a $422 million debt payment due Monday.", '2016-05-02': "Putin Took Credit for Russia’s Economic Boom. ECONOMY Taking the pulse of the eurozone. James Kanter AUTOS Analysts expect new vehicle sales to rise. The British bank HSBC, the Swiss lender UBS and the French banks BNP Paribas and Société Générale are all expected to provide updates to their investors. Bill Vlasic TECHNOLOGY Alibaba focuses on efficiency and expansion. Paul Mozur ECONOMY U.S. job market numbers are due. While the economy's overall growth rate has been sluggish, the job market has remained a bright spot. Stanley Reed MEDIA Redstone trial is set to begin. On Friday, a public trial is scheduled to begin. Emily Steel Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES Photograph An Arcelormittal Factory in Eastern France. The Company Will Report Its First-Quarter Earnings On Friday. ( Cruz Stays Positive Despite Grim Numbers in Indiana : Two days before what is widely viewed as a must-win primary for Mr. Cruz, a poll showed Donald J. Trump with a lead of 15 points among likely Republican primary voters. Putin Took Credit for Russia’s Economic Boom.", '2016-05-03': "Ted Cruz Threw Everything But The Kitchen Sink At Donald Trump. The senator's desperate bid to stop the real estate mogul falls flat in Indiana. Climate Change Poses A Big Risk To Your Retirement Savings : “It simply isn’t professional for the funds to do nothing. ” The Communist party abolished land and property ownership when it swept to power in 1949 after China’s civil war. Last month the company began charging users for transferring funds between WeChat Pay — the payments service linked to Tencent’s popular instant messaging app — and traditional bank accounts. China has long been a key driver of infrastructure investment and construction in Central Asia, covering a wide range of sectors. Chinese companies have built roads, railways, tunnels, power lines and refurbished oil refineries as well as special economic zones. Wei Zexi, a university student in Shaanxi province in central China, died on April 12 from a rare form of cancer called synovial sarcoma. When Spotlight won the Oscar for best picture, every print journalist cheered. Most people distrust us and have stopped buying our products. No wonder the people we exclude are angry. @ Eighteen months on, that fund has closed and the valuation gap has widened.", '2016-05-04': "Ted Cruz suspended his campaign for the White House on Tuesday night, all  but confirming Donald Trump as the Republican nominee and almost certainly setting up a general election that will see the New York tycoon face off against Hillary Clinton. @ Mr Cruz told supporters: “With a heavy heart but boundless optimism for the future of this nation, we are suspending our campaign. ” As Chinese markets reopened yesterday after the May Day holiday, a few dozen young traders in Shanghai crowded into a small room provided by a local brokerage. This is not relevant to anything you study before you get here. The foundation of the Chinese recovery, to borrow official government rhetoric, is not solid. The net effect has been falling real yields and tight risk premiums. @ The breakdown of Syria’s fragile ceasefire promises yet more suffering in a five-year long war that has killed hundreds of thousands of people and created millions of refugees. @ It is possible that this year could witness two huge and positive developments. It fell as much as 0.8 per cent \xadyesterday to below 92, a level last plumbed in January 2015. @ Its speed and shifting direction have made it too dangerous to tackle from the ground. The proposal was made by the European Commission, the administrative arm of the EU. JUST WATCHEDWhat is the 'one-for-one' deal?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat is the 'one-for-one' deal? Follow @Don_Melvin CNN's Carol Jordan contributed to this report.", '2016-05-05': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump’s Nomination Isn’t Shocking According To The Polls : Trump led the pack for nearly a year. Otherwise, we will opt for jets from some other place.” @ The Pakistan Air Force is looking at other options including the Russian SU35, the Chinese J10 and the Chinese J20 stealth fighter, according to a senior foreign ministry official. In March pork was singled out after prices rose 28.4 per cent year-on-year, contributing 0.64 percentage points to headline inflation of 2.3 per cent. Stocks started the day lower and stayed there. Economic indicators out of Europe were disappointing on Wednesday. We are going to need some sort of catalyst to move this market higher, but I don\'t know what that catalyst might be." Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( The Republican Horse Race Is Over, And Journalism Lost : Wrong, wrong, wrong — to the very end, we got it wrong. Now, he has ousted his closest political ally, Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. London mayor election: Will Sadiq Khan win? - The SNP has tonight won an historic third term as Scotland\'s government. JUST WATCHEDWhat is... Brexit?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat is... Brexit? But he bounced back, he put it behind him. His honor is my honor; his family is my family. The government says the refugee crisis has cost it more than $10 billion so far.', '2016-05-06': "Reckoning With a Nuclear Peril : Efforts to restrain the program have failed to prevent the North from gaining the capability to launch a nuclear attack that could reach much of Japan and South Korea, intelligence officials say. American workers are reaping fewer of the gains of a growing economy in the form of pay and benefits. Here is what is less widely understood: That trend appears to be reversing itself. It is early and the reversal may not last. That said, in the early 1990s, that figure was around 66 percent.) That is about $1,900 a year per household. And there is plenty of other anecdotal information and data consistent with the shift. That includes refusing to give raises and laying off employees.) The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Public responseThe naming announcement drew mixed reactions from the public. But manpower shortages meant customs inspected barely more than 5 per cent of parcels, according to FTCR estimates. Would nationalisation have saved Kodak’s film business? But he bounced back, he put it behind him. Voters also elected candidates for mayoral positions, local council seats, and parliamentary and assembly seats in Scotland and Wales. JUST WATCHEDWhat is... Brexit?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat is... Brexit? CNN's Don Melvin, Phil Black, Nick Thompson and Joe Sterling contributed to this report.", '2016-05-07': 'Rejects Plan to Cut Benefits for Teamsters : The move was welcomed by workers and retirees, but did not offer a solution for the pension fund, which is on track to go bankrupt in about 10 years. I\'d be more concerned if there were weakness across the board, but there wasn\'t." Fed officials will see one more jobs report before their next meeting in June. It\'s showing up in low-wage jobs, for waiters and waitresses, in retail and in leisure and hospitality." " Some notable pockets of weakness remain in the nation\'s economy. Manufacturing employment rose by 4,000 in April. Other commodity-based industries like metals and mining are also hurting. Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ; Binyamin Appelbaum and Michael D. Shear contributed reporting. Employers Last Month Eased Up On Hiring As Economic Growth Slowed. ( In my view, a rate hike potential this year is nearing zero probability," he said. Gold rose $21.70 to $1,294 an ounce, silver rose 20 cents to $17.53 an ounce and copper was unchanged at $2.15 a pound. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( ” Rejects Plan to Cut Benefits for Teamsters : The move was welcomed by workers and retirees, but did not offer a solution for the pension fund, which is on track to go bankrupt in about 10 years.', '2016-05-08': 'Sunday Roundup : This week the nation entered terra incognita, as Indiana GOP voters handed Donald Trump a big victory, giving us -- with Ted Cruz and John Kasich dropping out -- the most unqualified, unstable, and dangerous nominee in U.S. history. The events immediately provided a test for Republicans, some of whom rose to the occasion and refused to endorse Trump. Then there was Rick Perry, who once called Trump a "cancer." He says he\'d consider being his running mate: "I will be open to any way I can help. The most important mistake the media could make now would be to treat this like a normal election, and Donald Trump like a normal candidate. Trump Earned His Stratospheric Negatives -- But What About Hillary? : Sparring in G.O.P. Rises Over Plans for Convention : Mr. Trump’s refusal to rule out removing Mr. Ryan as the chairman of the party’s convention threatened to upset an event that is normally a display of unity. Canadian Officials Start To Get Handle On Massive Wildfire : The inferno looks set to become the costliest natural disaster in Canada\'s history. Sarah Palin Says She\'ll Back Paul Ryan\'s Primary Challenger : The 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee isn\'t happy with the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee.', '2016-05-09': 'Obama Administration Sues North Carolina Over Anti-LGBT Bathroom Bill : The Justice Department says the law "stigmatizes and singles out" transgender people. is not a proper response to \'How far do you want us to go?\'"BBC Reporter Rupert Wingfield-Hayes Expels From North Korea For Improper \'Reportage\' : He was detained at Pyongyang airport and interrogated for an inappropriate description of leader Kim Jong Un. It is an accolade the former British colony does not wear lightly. But cracks are appearing in the bricks and mortar. Price tags are rising to new, and ever less sustainable, heights. Music companies, travel agents, newspapers, taxi drivers. Surgery can now be done by robots, or performed remotely. China’s sugar highs do not last as long as they used to. An economic equivalent of insulin resistance appears to be setting in. So large is the credit injection that much of it cannot be productively absorbed. We\'ve always had to go back in and always at a much higher cost. \' Johnson said that leaving the EU was not the same thing as leaving Europe. " Of all the arguments they make, this is the one that infuriates me the most. " Now is a time for strength in numbers," he said. Can we be so sure that peace and stability on our continent are assured beyond any shadow of doubt? " JUST WATCHEDWhat is the European Union?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat is the European Union?', '2016-05-10': 'Renaud Laplanche, founder and chief executive of Lending Club, resigned yesterday after an internal inquiry, sending the shares crashing and underscoring a sharp reversal in fortunes for the online lending industry. @ But a look inside the data suggests significant latent outflow pressure remains. In Panama, they stayed in camps and makeshift shelters. In at least one town, the number of migrants outnumbered the local population. But making it to the United States isn\'t easy. I am ready to travel and very grateful, very grateful to Panama, with God\'s grace will be traveling soon. That figure nearly doubled in 2015 to 43,154. The figure for this year already stands at 25,806.CNN\'s Annie Rose Ramos, Ana Melgar, Polo Sandoval and Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report. Asked whether the Prime Minister was aware his remarks were being recorded, a Downing Street spokesman said there were multiple cameras in the room. Read MoreAn anti-corruption summit opens in London on Thursday. Often comes over as throwback to posh Tory era. " The eyes of the world are on what is happening here. Things are changing with corruption and everything else. " I would like to offer an alternative view. As a result, American conservatives are suddenly faced with a strange and unexpected dilemma: who should they support? Who is actually the more conservative candidate in this election? @ Part of the answer depends, of course, on what is meant by “conservative”.', '2016-05-11': 'Target Won\'t Cave To Boycotters On Trans-Friendly Bathroom Policy, CEO Says : CEO Brian Cornell said Target has been hit before for its stands on social issues. Even the military\'s uniforms have been given a slick new makeover. In the paper, more than nine months in the making, the Treasury noted that much of the innovation from the upstarts had been positive. That gave a boost to energy, chemicals and machinery companies. This is a ray of sunshine which is needed." Economic news from the United States was mixed. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( The social media backlash was swift and Nigeria\'s presidential spokesman said they were "embarrassing to us." Afghanistan fares worse in the survey, coming in at number 166. " Billions have ended up in Europe and there has been no action for this. " He estimated around 150,000 barrels of oil were being stolen per day. " MORE: Nigeria\'s missing girls: A glimpse of the stolen"How can we show it to them when we don\'t know where they are?" The important thing is to get them alive," he said. He and his supporters are now being targeted by Mr. Kabila’s security services.', '2016-05-12': 'Donald Trump And Paul Ryan Meet In Hopes Of Mending Divided Party : They characterized the sit-down as a "positive step toward unification. " Reluctant Republicans Edge Closer To Taking Zika Action. Unusually\' Thin And Fractured Arctic Ice Hints At Yet Another Record Melt : Could we even be facing an ice-free Arctic summer?ISIS Suicide Blasts Claim More Iraqi Lives After Deadliest Day In Baghdad This Year : At least 80 people died in ISIS bombings in the Iraqi capital on Wednesday. And not each case turns out badly for the defendant, as several recent cases have demonstrated. How much did LinkedIn make over the past three years? Sounds a simple enough question doesn’t it? But it is also one that is capable of being answered in multiple and very diverse ways. @ First, let’s look at the figure the US online networking site wants you to focus on. Over the same period, LinkedIn racked up a $67m loss. The European Parliament meets to discuss the issue on Thursday and is likely to be strongly against. So maybe George Soros was on to something after all. A tree cannot reach the sky,” the figure said. “', '2016-05-13': 'Europe Says Number Of Migrants And Refugees Arriving In Greece Falls 90 Percent : The EU and Turkey entered into an agreement last month to clamp down on arrivals into Greece. Apple did not specify what size of stake it will receive. CK Hutchison already has far reaching interests in the UK and across Europe, from ports and water supply investments to health and beauty retailer Watsons.: The market is following oil," said John Cannally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. The price of oil dropped from around $100 a barrel in mid-2014 to as low as $26 a barrel in February and has rallied since then. Retailers have been struggling for months. Apple fell to its lowest price in almost two years. The company\'s initial offering priced at $10 per share in October. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( He is very powerful and is the number two ranked at Hon Hai. The EU naval mission had so far only made low-level arrests of targets, said the committee. " To those one could add a third, which is equally inevitable: the credit cycle. @ People who are only allowed to borrow when money is easy may default on their loans when times get tougher.', '2016-05-14': 'Donald Trump’s Evasions on Taxes : For years, Mr. Trump has promised and failed to release his returns to the public. The longer he delays, the more Americans wonder what he is hiding. It\'s just another example of public welfare for America\'s richest family. Egypt\'s Copts Likely to Find Persecution Ahead from Increasingly Repressive Military Regime : The Middle East has turned hostile to Christians and other religious minorities. The Iraqi Christian community has been devastated. WASHINGTON -- Experts cannot agree on what to call a recent rise in homicides, much less its cause, but new data on Friday that showed a sharp spike in homicide rates in more than 20 cities rekindled debate over whether it was time for alarm. But the White House pushed back again on Friday. That\'s irresponsible and ultimately counterproductive." The crime rate "can\'t go to zero, and when you hit really low numbers, it can only go up." A statement like that from the director doesn\'t help," he said. " You may have some who do that, but police officers don\'t get into the business to not do the work they\'ve been hired to do. Credit: ERIC LICHTBLAU and MONICA DAVEY; Eric Lichtblau reported from Washington, and Monica Davey from Chicago. Photograph The Scene of a Shooting in Chicago Last Month.', '2016-05-15': "Push to Sell Planes Shows U.S. Thaw With Nigeria : Nigeria’s new president has focused on eliminating corruption in the military and, although doubts remain, the U.S. is ready to sell 12 warplanes to Nigeria. Mark Zuckerberg To Meet With Glenn Beck, Top Conservatives Amid Bias Claims : Facebook has been under fire for allegations that its trending news module suppressed conservative topics. WATCH: Adorable Baby Goats Find New Home : The Catskill Animal Sanctuary rescues farm animals from a variety of bad circumstances. After one of their biggest rescues last October, they have welcomed a heard of baby goats that are getting a lot of attention. Many Leaders in the Former Soviet Union Like Trump Because He's One of Them : YEREVAN, Armenia -- A lot of leaders in the West are appalled that Donald Trump, whom they see as a demagogue, bully and know-nothing, has a shot at becoming president of the United States. Many countries in the former Soviet Union are pulling for the presumptive Republican candidate, however. Tourism to Israel up Despite Political Tensions : Despite concerns over political tensions, Israeli tourism remains steady - and I can see why. Once you arrive and sit yourself down at the beach for a beer, any anxiety you might bring with you will melt away. I feel safer walking the city streets in Tel Aviv than when I was living in New York City last summer.", '2016-05-16': "Hermès is relaunching its flagship Singapore store in a bet on growth in Southeast Asia at a time when its rival regional centre Hong Kong is beset by anti-mainland Chinese sentiment that has eroded its status as a luxury shopping hub. @ An air of slightly uneasy calm hangs over the economies of emerging markets. Vladimir Putin's America-Friendly Propaganda About Fighting Terror Just Suffered A Big Blow : Putin tries to present himself as the best bet against ISIS. The poll asked if “within the next five years” would be a good time to retake self-governed Taiwan by force. But there has been little involvement so far in large deals. @ International banks have seen their share halve to just under a fifth over that time. For God’s sake, go down to reception and get rid of a lunatic who’s down there,” a news editor reportedly told staff. “ In the coming decades, machine learning is likely to be the primary driving force behind a Cambrian explosion of applications in robotics and software automation. To take just one example, consider the impact of self-driving cars. Many are scrambling to find ways to stay if Britain leaves the European Union.", '2016-05-17': "Syrian Rebels Fear Government Assault On Besieged, Starving Daraya : Regime troops turned back an aid convoy into the town last week. World’s Smallest Porpoise Teetering On The Brink Of Extinction; Only 60 Left In The Wild : The demand for illegal fish bladders is driving the vaquita's demise. The study covered 155 Chinese companies that are constituents of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The former head of Britain’s intelligence agency MI6 has warned of a “populist uprising” unless leaders can show that they have control of the migrant crisis in Europe. @ We are very proud of that investment,” Mr Cook told journalists as\xa0he posed with a host of local internet entrepreneurs. Libya has been split between two governments since 2014, with rival parliaments located in Tripoli and the east. It sounds good to say ‘we have a strong dollar’. Cameron spent a year or more renegotiating Britain's relationship with the EU. The action now sets up a confrontation with the House. Reading the Wreckage : The U.S. government’s report has ruled the attack an accident. Blaze Near Metro-North Tracks Strands Thousands : Service was suspended to and from Grand Central Terminal after the blaze, which was at a construction site below the elevated tracks at 119th Street and Park Avenue. Hillary Clinton Faces Pressure For Win In Oregon And Kentucky Contests : Analysts predict she will have a hard time winning. Donald Trump Says He's Expanding The GOP.", '2016-05-18': 'These Are The \'Great Intellects\' Donald Trump Would Like To Put On The Supreme Court : Conservatives have warned he may not be up to the task of replacing the late Justice Antonin Scalia. We Just Completed A Full Year Of Record-Hot Months : "I\'m just in shock," says one climate scientist. " " There’s a really great opportunity there.” @ It also did not find any manipulation of fuel efficiency data. Branko Milanovic has written an outstanding book. 2015), which concentrates on the UK and goes deeper into policy. If you cut off your leg, you can\'t walk, you can\'t run, so in the race you can\'t win. We have people here from all over the country and all over Europe. I never believed in going into Europe in the first place. " The money would be better spent in this country instead.', '2016-05-19': 'How Hillary Clinton Plans To Help Women Of Color : Policy Advisor Maya Harris says Clinton’s plans “would make a real difference in the lives of many women of color. ” •First, scientific progress is driven more by new tools and new observations than by hypothesis construction and testing. We learnt of cells by seeing them when the microscope was constructed. China is now a bigger presence in international development finance than all of the world’s six major multilateral financial institutions put together, a new study has found. @ China is emerging as the global leader in development finance,” said the study, which was authored jointly by Kevin Gallagher, professor at Boston University and co-director at the Global Economic Governance Initiative (GEGI), Rohini Kamal of GEGI and Wang Yongzhong at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. JPMorgan Chase jumped 4 percent and Goldman Sachs climbed 3 percent. " He added that it was affecting prices "more than any other kind of input out there." When you\'re growing slowly, any hiccup could result in a recession." The company also gave a forecast that disappointed investors. Precious and industrial metals futures closed broadly lower. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.', '2016-05-20': 'Young People Suing Their Government Over Climate Change Just Won Another Big Case : The kids are telling adults to do what needs to be done now. Bernie Sanders\' Campaign Is Feeling The Money Burn : Sanders\' campaign entered May with a cash balance that was dwarfed by Hillary Clinton\'s.: Putting June on the table was something few expected." It and the Dow index have each fallen in five of the past seven days. The Dow fell 91.22 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,435.40. They have decent yields, but high valuations." But investors apparently thought the buying went too far. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( Its shares remained suspended on Wednesday and Thursday. @ By some estimates, retail investors account for 80 per cent of total trading volume. The Chinese internet group Tencent released first-quarter results on Wednesday. On Thursday, the stock dropped as much as 4 per cent before cooler traders pushed it back up. @ Revenue growth from advertising was disappointing. That is not far short of the number of people who live in China, India and Japan, combined. @ This categorisation is undeserved and must change. Italy’s Intesa Sanpaolo and MASIC, the investment arm of Saudi Arabia’s Al Subeaei family, also participated in the loan package. @', '2016-05-21': "FEC Analysis: Trump Campaign Dwarfed By Clinton's Well-Oiled Juggernaut : At the outset of the general election, Hillary Clinton’s campaign looks like a well-oiled juggernaut next to Donald Trump’sDonors’ Aversion to Trump Clouds Big Funding Goal : A survey of more than 50 of the most generous donors to Republican candidates and advocacy groups revealed contempt and distrust toward their own party’s nominee. In Desperate Pursuit of the Zero-Stress Job : Stress had always seemed to be the lifeblood of a fruitful career, but a hormone condition rendered it a threatening trigger to be avoided at all costs. New Questions Arise Over Redstone’s Competency After He Alters Trust : Viacom and its chief executive fired back at Mr. Redstone, attempting to discredit his sudden move to change succession plans for his $40 billion media empire. At a time when more people than ever are affected by conflict and crisis, there is good news. Through the end of April, it looked like no one really wanted to try that anyway. U.S. and NATO Should End New Cold War With Russia : It's good that NATO and Russia met. However, the allies won't know without trying. And everyone would benefit from ending the current impasse. Obama's Approval Rating Takes A Turn For The Better : When the ball dropped in Times Square on Jan. 1 of this year, more than half of the country disapproved of the job that President", '2016-05-22': 'Edward R. Murrow \'Would Have Skewered\' Donald Trump, Media Critic Says : Media outlets have faced criticism for not being tough on Trump. Media, The Myth of Trump and What Really Matters : Circus-like media attention is good for ratings, for advertising revenues, for circulation and for Mr. Trump. It enables Mr. Trump to spin--with ever-increasing brilliance--the myth of his invincible persona. Strike on Chief of the Taliban Signals a Shift : The strike, which Afghan intelligence said had killed the leader, indicated a major break with precedent as the United States circumvented Pakistan, which has been unable to broker peace talks with the Taliban. The prime minister, by law, holds more power than the presidency. " AKP has never been and will never be the party of one faction, of one clan. " Erdogan accepted Davutoglu\'s resignation and asked Yildirim to form the country\'s new government. The government says the refugee crisis has cost it more than $10 billion so far. Turkey has been fighting the PKK for years. JUST WATCHEDWhat are the Kurdish factions in Turkey and Syria?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat are the Kurdish factions in Turkey and Syria? My brothers, there is one thing that needs to be done by the European Union.', '2016-05-23': 'Suicide Attacks Hit 2 Syria Cities, Killing Scores and Shattering Calm in Assad Stronghold : The coordinated assaults on bus stations and part of a hospital brought the horrors of the country’s civil war into a region that had been relatively safe. Adelson’s Era: Do Billions Erode Press Freedom? : Go here to follow CNN\'s coverage of the UK referendum live. Right now, that trade benefits from the free trade zone that\'s central to the EU. London has 123 embassies around the world. The Terrible Truth About How Your Gadgets Die : Our obsession with pretty devices has made them VERY hard to recycle. I am not, because you will see," he said when a reporter asked him how he felt about being called a Nazi. " You have to take a look at me, where I am in one or two years. CNN\'s Stephanie Halasz, Nadine Schmidt, Carol Jordan, Isha Sesay and Joe Sterling contributed to this report. Or it might be machines pretending to be people, or people pretending to be machines. For sheer convenience, it will be hard to resist. Ask a question and an intelligent agent will answer. Bots on hand will show you the latest offers and guide you through to the checkout. We hired 650 graduates in 2010 and 1,200 graduates in 2015. The Vietnamese government hopes that the visit will provide the occasion for a repeal of the US', '2016-05-24': 'Austria has voted narrowly against electing a rightwing nationalist as president after a closely fought campaign that highlighted the political fallout from Europe’s immigration crisis. @ A deal is expected to be announced within in the next 48 hours, although the timing could slip. @ Our visit -- shocking," he told CNN\'s Erin McLaughlin. " " Read MorePrison guards stormed the Justice Ministry last week. One later admitted it was not the profession\'s finest moment. Dialogue is always more important than violence. An oil barrel with smoldering wood stood smoking off to the side. What is going to happen is that prisoners are going to be locked in their cells more, so they\'re going to be more and more nervous. "" Talk of a new Silk Road may be intended to evoke romantic, non-threatening images of desert caravans, ancient ships and trade in exotic commodities. Mr Sanders could do the same for Donald Trump. The group is controlled by Zhendong Liu, who owns 51 per cent of the fund. Energy stocks fell along with the price of crude oil. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index fell 4.28 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,048.04 and the Nasdaq composite lost 3.78 points, or 0.1 percent, to 4,765.78.', '2016-05-25': 'The Overwhelming Barriers To Successful Immigration Reform : Nearly every new American president of the modern era has viewed the nation’s immigration policies as deeply flawed. Can Elizabeth Warren Unite A Divided Democratic Party To Stop Trump? : Donald Trump is an electoral disaster — the most unpopular major-party nominee in the history of polling. Koch-Funded Efforts To Win Hispanics Crashing, Burning : Trump has “ruined a lot of the work that the Libre Initiative, and Hispanic pro-liberty activists have been doing. " You don’t hear much these days about capital outflows from China. Disney really shouldn\'t have entered the mainland,” Mr Wang said on China Central Television on Sunday. “ Death by a thousand cuts originated in China. For investors in renminbi assets, it is staging something of a comeback. Since mid-August last year, when China allowed its currency to weaken by 2 per cent in one day, the renminbi has slipped 6 per cent. The good news for bond buyers is that an outright devaluation of the renminbi is unlikely. Involuntary devaluation may seem more likely. Yet China has fought hard to protect its currency from those trying to force it down. Toyota’s Prius hybrid has long been a popular choice for Uber drivers because of its fuel efficiency.', '2016-05-26': 'Report Warns of Climate Change Threats to Heritage Sites : Bad news for Stonehenge, Venice and the Statue of Liberty. A report says climate change poses a colossal threat to World Heritage sites on five continents. City Is Granted Approval to Enforce Salt Warnings : Thousands of restaurants must place a saltshaker icon next to menu items with more than 2,300 milligrams of sodium or face a fine, a court ruled. Donald Trump loves to say that he will “make America great again”. Any such decision would have profound implications. After what happened to us, they wouldn’t want to go after something even bigger than us. How should we respond to the next recession? That was the topic of an event hosted by the Brooking’s Hamilton Project where I spoke on Monday in Washington with OMB director Sean Donovan. How else to interpret threats to renegotiate debt, prosecute insubordinate publications, and rip up treaties? Creeping fascism as an issue dwarfs macroeconomic policy. @ As the picture below illustrates, on current forecasts the economy will have performed as badly over the 2007-2018 period as it did over the 1929-1940 depression period. An average of polls shows Mr Trump narrowly leading his Democratic rival. The country is grappling with an economic crisis that has left it struggling to feed its population. @', '2016-05-27': "Clinton Sees Her Lead Evaporate in California : Mrs. Clinton’s lead in the state has evaporated, going from seven percentage points over Bernie Sanders in March to within the margin of error now. Certain changes may even lower a home’s value. Many knowledge workers are fearful,” they write. “ Two obstacles to inclusion have been largely removed – reforms to a quota system on investment inflows from abroad and a shortening of the delay in repatriating capital out of China. The stock jumped $1.91, or 8.3 percent, to $24.91. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( They later pared gains and dropped below $50 a barrel. @ Could Russia REALLY go to war with NATO? - Here, a dolphin swims in front of the USS John Warner during its sea trials in May. The JLTVs are intended to replace Humvees. In turn, Russia desperately needs the foreign earnings this generates. Putin, it seems, is looking to play the long game. But does that really make a war any more likely? Probably not -- although there's always that niggling possibility. Both sides have considerable resources at their disposal. That is not to say that the scale of the destruction would not be significant, however. Republished under a Creative Commons license from The Conversation.", '2016-05-28': '3.3 Million Were Expected at World Trade Center Attraction; a Million Haven’t Shown Up : The observation deck at the World Trade Center, the highest in the Western Hemisphere, has had a shortfall of visitors since it opened in May 2015.: Stocks rose on Friday to wrap up their strongest week in almost three months. Phone companies traded higher after Verizon reportedly agreed in principle to a new contract with its striking employees. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( A total of 744 were built, the last of those in 1962. The pilot is protected from ground fire by titanium armor, and the plane\'s fuel cells are self-sealing in case of puncture. Gen. Duke Richardson said in a statement. " " CNN\'s Ryan Browne contributed to this report.: Other areas of the economy, especially manufacturing and mining, still face significant headwinds. It was still a tepid quarter even if it was less bad. They want to see clear evidence that the second quarter is stronger than the first quarter." Mr. Shepherdson also called the decision a close call in a note to clients on Thursday. " Lightning Strikes In France And Germany Leave Children Injured : Lightning injured people at a park in Paris and a children\'s soccer match in Germany.', '2016-05-29': 'GOP Senator Dodges Question About Party\'s Position On Trump\'s Proposed Muslim Ban : Six months ago, Senate Republicans denounced the policy as contrary to American values. Donald Trump Campaign Manager Defends Attack On Republican Latina Governor : Even Trump allies are questioning the wisdom of this move. Libertarian Party Selects Gary Johnson, William Weld For Presidential Ticket : After overcoming a contested convention, the party now needs to scale up fast enough to make a difference in the November election. U.S.-Led Forces Keep Up Pressure On ISIS East Of Mosul : "This is one of the many shaping operations expected to increase pressure on ISIL in and around Mosul. "Hillary Clinton Struggles To Find Footing In Unusual Race : Democrats could hardly believe their good fortune last month when it became clear that Hillary Clinton was headed to a generalA Deluge of Product Recalls as Public Safety Improves : Better detection tools and stricter safety rules mean that problems that once went undetected are now more often spotted and traced back to their source. Nationwide’s Enduring Slogan Helps the Brand Stand Apart : Today, few companies can boast that they’ve remained loyal to a tagline born in the 1960s, but “Nationwide is on your side” continues to stand out in a chaotic marketing landscape.', '2016-05-30': "More Than A Third Of The Coral Is Dead In Parts Of The Great Barrier Reef : Huge portions of the structure have been damaged by the area's biggest bleaching event ever. Philippine Congress Proclaims Duterte Winner Of Presidential Election : Duterte won the ballots of nearly 40 percent of 44 million voters, lured by his success against crime in Davao, despite the questions his policies raised among human rights campaigners. This remark was seized upon by the media, both inside and outside of China, but there has been almost no policy clarification by officials. @ As China Molybdenum announced it was buying one of Africa’s largest copper mines earlier this month one thing was soon clear: the acquisition was about far more than the red metal. @ GPS satellite navigation was made for me. I used to be the world’s most lost person. @ I don’t know quite which non-quality I possess that causes this, but I still painfully recall the 1994 Birmingham, Alabama, fiasco — an hour for a two-mile drive. Can Democrats Avoid the Circular Firing Squad? : They're increasingly in a go-for-broke mood. However, Clinton has been unable to catch a break. The theme of her campaign has been experience and competence, but her improper use of a private email server suggested neither. More Than A Third Of The Coral Is Dead In Parts Of The Great Barrier Reef : Huge portions of the structure have been damaged by the area's biggest bleaching event ever.", '2016-05-31': 'Chinese property developers have suffered a string of setbacks in overseas building projects from New York to Sydney in recent weeks, highlighting the cultural and operational challenges these groups face working in unfamiliar territories. @ Chinese builders have ramped up foreign investment in recent years as the domestic market has slowed. The offer comes less than 18 months after it floated the business at HK$48 per share. @ Not every Silicon Valley company with rich intellectual property bothers to defend it. Altruistic, perhaps, but it is also a recipe for an activist attack. Jana Partners argued that the company should consider spinning off its higher-margin licensing division. Oracle’s defeat was applauded by software geeks prizing openness. But Oracle’s shareholders could have been $9bn better off. @ Google itself is not known for its proactivity. As an all-purpose insult, “neoliberalism” has lost any meaning it might once have had. The greatest insult of all, however, is that to our intelligence when august international institutions hitch their wagon to these noisy criticisms. The word “some” did a lot of work in that sentence. That exonerates most of what passes as neoliberalism. To some this seemed a laughable prospect in a country that then had minuscule internet penetration. This period of opposition to autarky might, however, be coming under threat. Two of the three candidates left in the American presidential race are clearly protectionists. Betting markets think there is a 30 per cent chance of a President Trump.', '2016-06-01': 'Obama Wades Into Election Fray With Speech Assailing Trump and G.O.P. : The president assailed Donald J. Trump and the G.O.P. for peddling policies he said benefited the rich at the expense of a struggling middle class. But the industry is struggling to compete with cheap natural gas. ‘ Ministers from OPEC nations will meet in Vienna this week. We do see $50 as sort of high end" until then, he said. Despite the losses, stocks finished May with solid gains. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index fell 2.11 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,096.95. Companies that make household goods like food, drinks, cleaners and other everyday items slipped. Celator\'s most advanced drug is Vyxeos, a potential treatment for acute myeloid leukemia. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Now think about how the press would cover it. From your drone home delivery to that oncoming driverless car, change seems to be accelerating. Yet our Fitbits seem to be telling us otherwise. Which should we trust — the economic statistics or our own lying eyes? @ Finland has long been in the economic doldrums. But three pieces of corporate news in recent days hint at some cause for optimism for Finland — and point to some of its challenges.', '2016-06-02': 'Obama Says The Democratic Nominee Will Be Clear Next Week : "I think that there has been a healthy debate in the Democratic Party, and it\'s almost over. The last thing the World Trade Organisation needs is another threat to its authority. But the US essentially stands alone in this contention. Similar to a convertible bond, the MET will vest into Alibaba shares after three years. The clean-up bill could reach $1tn, by some estimates. @ It will help us with operations in new markets. The new guidelines do not need congressional or other approval to take effect, which could happen as soon as next year. It is much like getting into a taxi just to ride across town and finding yourself stuck in a ruinously expensive cross-country journey." The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is a frequent target of scathing criticism from Republican lawmakers. This would be helpful for you,"\' Ms. Byrd recalled. " Ms. Byrd now pays cash for anything she needs. They don\'t want you to climb out of the hole." German politicians raise their hands in favor of the resolution.', '2016-06-03': "Mr. Ryan’s Endorsement Of Trump Is Sad Day For The GOP — And America : AS DONALD Trump was building a campaign on lies, bigotry, insults, fearmongering and unreason, a few Republican leaders ofGawker Media Has Received ‘Multiple’ $100 Million-Plus Bids : Nick Denton’s embattled site has garnered major acquisition interest, an individual with knowledge of the company tells TheWrapFormer GOP Governor: Hillary Clinton 'More Stable' Than Donald Trump : Christine Todd Whitman can't bring herself to support a racist reality TV star for president. U.S. State Department: Global Terrorist Attacks Down 13 Percent In 2015 : Global terrorist attacks declined by 13 percent in 2015, according to the U.S. State Department. The ideal format in which to undertake the borrowing required is bank notes, which pay no interest and need never be repaid. Stocks rebounded from an early slide Thursday, nudging the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index and the Nasdaq composite to their highest closes of the year. Investors have been waiting for clues as to whether the Federal Reserve will raise its key interest rate at its next meeting later this month. And Aetna gained $4.74, or 4.1 percent, to $120.03. Investors also weighed the latest company earnings and deal news. Precious and industrial metals futures closed little changed. Second, China’s debt build-up is almost entirely in domestic currency. The city hopes to rebuild trust in the police. The unemployment rate dipped after workers dropped out of the labor force.", '2016-06-04': 'Hillary Clinton And Bernie Sanders Vie For California\'s Support : Polls show Sanders has chipped away at Clinton\'s lead in the state. The latest snapshot suggested that the economic recovery might have stalled this spring, at least temporarily. The losses were deeper and more broad-based than we expected, and with the downward revision to previous months, it puts the Fed back on pause." " The only good news is that wages held," Ms. Swonk said. As he advised in an alert: "Don\'t panic." AuthorAffiliation PATRICIA COHEN and BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter: @PatcohenNYT Chart The Labor Picture in May: Unemployment Rate; Unemployment Demographics; Duration of Unemployment; Employment; Share of Population; \'Hidden\' Unemployment; Unemployment by Education Level; Type of Work; Average Weekly Earnings (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B4)The latest employment report -- typically the most timely and accurate measure of the state of the business cycle -- suggests that the economy is slowing. But it\'s a slowdown and not a sudden stop. The household survey is also used to measure the unemployment rate. These numbers are imprecise estimates, and they come with a margin of error of plus or minus 100,000. The Council of Economic Advisers estimates 77,000.) The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2016-06-05': "Hillary Says She's Got the Nomination, But Bernie's Platform Can Beat Trump : Secretary Clinton asserts she has already won. But even if she is correct, a big vote for Bernie in the upcoming final primaries could help her and Democrats win the general election against Trump. The Very Best Way To Rattle Donald Trump : What's the worst, most damaging thing you can say about Donald Trump. Despite all those being accurate descriptions, those have all already been tried, with almost no success. Peru's Presidential Election Comes Down To A Tight Run-Off Vote : Polls showed a dead heat between candidates before the vote. Trump Stance Makes G.O.P. Fear Backlash : Mr. Trump’s remarks came amid growing disapproval from fellow Republicans over his attacks on a federal judge overseeing a suit against the defunct Trump University.", '2016-06-06': 'An Anti-Establishment Party in Italy, Making Gains, Leads Rome’s Mayor Race : A victory for the movement’s candidate, Virginia Raggi, in a runoff in two weeks would be a blow to Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, whose Democratic Party struggled in the first round. Mitt Romney saw a spring polling bump, too, in 2012.Economist Holds Thin Lead in Peru’s Presidential Vote : Mr. Kuczynski, a former prime minister, held a narrow advantage over Ms. Fujimori, the daughter of a former president, as officials said they would keep counting votes. That\'s reflecting the Fed  sitting on the beach on their hands for the summer." Crude was up more than one percent midday. They’ve altered the facts on the water and there is nothing anyone can do about it now. ” The data can include more than one application per individual. @ The numbers show Goldman Sachs is attracting far more would-be bankers than they could ever employ. Supporters said the vote was stronger than they had expected, however. “ Donald Trump loves to disregard political rules. He says this is because these need to be audited by the Inland Revenue Service  critics say he has something to hide. The answer is one that has put the needs of short-term party management above its responsibility for the country’s welfare. This is broadly in line with estimates from other reputable forecasters. One might better call it a “do-it-himself” recession.', '2016-06-07': 'Clinton Reaches Historic Mark, A.P. Says : On the eve of the New Jersey and California primaries, an Associated Press survey of superdelegates indicated that Mrs. Clinton had gone over the top. On June 23, the UK will vote on whether to remain in the EU. Both could lead to outcomes that would have seemed inconceivable not long ago. Both pit angry populists against the political establishment. And in both cases, polling suggests that the outcome is in doubt, with prediction markets suggesting a probability of between one in four and one in three of the radical outcome occurring. @ It is interesting to contrast the way that financial markets are reacting to these uncertainties. Yamoussoukro in Ivory Coast is a city with roads wide enough for jumbo jets to land on, a vast presidential palace and a basilica modelled on St Peter’s in Rome. It is fashionable to blame Tony Blair for everything. To others gleefully awaiting the Chilcot report, he is a war criminal who deserves to be tried at The Hague. It all goes back to 2004, when the EU was significantly enlarged with the accession of several eastern European countries, including Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic. The number ended up being closer to 170,000 a year. @ Germany and the US came next with five announced projects each. @ Judge In Immigration Case Puts Brakes On Releasing Sensitive Information On Thousands Of Immigrants : Rights groups say the release could endanger immigrants.', '2016-06-08': 'Iowa Republican Lawmaker Bolts Party Over Donald Trump : "I will not stand silent if the party of Lincoln and the end of slavery buckles under the racial bias of a bigot. " Analysts had expected a reading of $3.2tn. @ JUST WATCHEDWhat is... Brexit?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat is... Brexit? There will be many people who wanted to register to vote last night and were not able to," the statement said. Matt Cass Cook (@Matt_Cook_UK) June 7, 2016 British Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament earlier Wednesday that he was urging people to register to vote using the website as he worked on a legislative solution to extend the deadline. Huge demand caused system overload last night. If you love your country, you want opportunities for your young people. " If Britain votes to leave the EU, the country will engage in two years of complex exit negotiations. \' At the rate we are going, the world\'s rain forests could completely vanish in 100 years. This move could be potentially transformative. Norway has shown its commitment to  a cleaner environment in other ways. It’s not only prices, import volumes also rose. Republican voters have rallied behind Donald Trump.', '2016-06-09': 'There Are More White Voters Than People Think. But Kasich supporters have hit a new record. Trump’s Advice to Panicked Republicans: Man Up : Even as he chastised Washington’s political class for a lack of backbone, Mr. Trump showed modest signs that some of his remarks crossed a line. If UK citizens voted to leave, British leaders would have two contentious years to negotiate the terms of divorce. Simply standing back to back, not talking to each other, just blaming each other -- what did that do for human rights in Turkey? Isolating Turkey is not the right answer. " This is when you get your total electrical failure," Leahy explained. " Suddenly, you have lost your main generator on your system and you are plunged into darkness. " I\'m just absolutely stunned," said Douglas Chapman from the Scottish National Party. They first went into service in 2006, and are due to last 30 years. I think that our nation is making a terrible error in allowing this to happen ... I understand they have a program for resolving it, but it should be being done much more quickly. CNNMoney\'s  Alanna Petroff contributed to this report. ‘ There Are More White Voters Than People Think.', '2016-06-10': "Donald Trump Tells Religious Conservatives He's Their Guy : His somber address was a hit at the Freedom Coalition’s Road to Majority conference. Hydropower Dams Are Creating Wildlife Wastelands : Hydropower generates carbon-free electricity for millions of people around the world. Bernie Sanders Gives A Speech Divorced From Reality : He rallied supporters with a typical stump speech in Washington ahead of next week's primary -- the last of the season. The Best States To Be Unemployed : Unemployment in the United States has steadily improved over the past six and a half years. Yes, of course, we all know general election polls nearly a half-year from Election Day are not very accurate and shouldn'tHUFFPOLLSTER: Barack Obama Could Be Hillary Clinton's Secret Weapon : The president’s strong approval numbers bode well for the Democrats in November. I.P.O. by Line, the Japanese Messaging App, Could Raise $1 Billion : Share sales in New York and Tokyo could value Line at more than $5 billion, the biggest market debut for a technology company so far this year. Obama Eases Restrictions in Afghanistan  for American Forces Fighting the Taliban : The president moved closer to allowing American forces to again directly battle the Taliban in what is expected to be an especially bloody summer fighting season.", '2016-06-11': "Orange County DA's Office Finally Acknowledges Jailhouse Informant Program Exists : Of course, this recognition should come as no surprise -- the jail snitch program has been rocking the county's justice system for almost three years. Romney Loyalists’ Divisions Over Trump Spill Out Into The Open At Utah Summit : Mitt Romney warned that a Donald Trump presidency could normalize racism, misogyny and bigotry in the national conscienceLibyan Forces Claim Capture Of Sirte From ISIS As Street Battles Rage : Forces allied with Libya’s unity government claim they have recaptured the port in the Islamic State stronghold of SirtePoll: Britons Narrowly Support Remaining In The EU : The results contrast with a poll on Friday which showed Leave campaigners 10 points ahead. Obama's Proposed Drilling Expansion May Cost Us More Than The Oil Is Worth : Greenpeace report finds social costs may exceed economic benefits. Alabama Speaker Convicted of Violating Ethics Law He Once Championed : A jury’s decision left Mr. Hubbard, a Republican who had been accused of soliciting work from registered lobbyists, facing decades in prison and removal from office. Orange County DA's Office Finally Acknowledges Jailhouse Informant Program Exists : Of course, this recognition should come as no surprise -- the jail snitch program has been rocking the county's justice system for almost three years.", '2016-06-12': '5 Things Your Business Needs for The Next Big Push in Growth : "Business as usual" is a dangerous place to be. " Business as usual" is stagnation -- a plateau, a zone of zero growth, no momentum, and no velocity. It “is against public policy and might even be illegal,” he said. “ They’re saying it wasn’t the intent — but it’s the effect that matters. ” The problem of industrial overcapacity has been troubling manufacturers across the world for years. Of late their complaints, particularly against China and especially concerning steel, have become more acute. This is a key fault line in the Chinese economy\u2009. Barclays sounded the retreat this year, slashing its investment banking operations. Some of the losses are attributable to the normal things that go wrong in investing — mergers which fall apart, commodity prices following their own logic and so on. This is not the time to sell China short. @ Many question whether the costs of rebalancing will be borne by banks via loan losses. China’s short-term challenges are significant. Bill Winters is Group Chief Executive of Standard Chartered PLC', '2016-06-13': 'So many people have asserted this so often in the past, with so little ensuing decline in his popularity, that the claim would seem to lack any hope of plausibility. @ With the Remain lead vanishing in many opinion polls, less than two weeks before the vote, the prime minister told the BBC’s The Andrew Marr Show the economic impact of leaving the EU would force the government to reprioritise its spending plans. @ “ We would be taking a risk with growth, with jobs and with pensions. We shouldn’t do that — it is the wrong choice,” he said. This is only a slight improvement in both categories on the 2014 figures. @ Didi said the investment included equity of $300m and long-term debt of Rmb2bn ($305m). Through the din of machinery and clouds of hissing steam, there is a rumbling sound. But there is a anxious look in their eyes. For they know their efforts may not be enough. @ But this time the equation is skewed by a very large variable: China. @ “ Because it became so big, when China sneezes, the rest of the world catches pneumonia. Cities sprang up across the country, each new apartment block packed with bars of reinforcing steel. Their fate could foretell that of rivals in similar positions. @', '2016-06-14': 'Antipoverty Plan Skimps on Details and History : Research showing reductions since the 1960s in families living in poverty calls into question a premise that the government has lost its fight to help the poor. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index fell 17.01 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,079.06 and the Nasdaq composite fell 46.11 points, or 0.9 percent, to 4,848.44. The central bank\'s chairwoman, Janet L. Yellen, is scheduled to hold a news conference after the interest rate decision. The biggest uncertainty is whether the job market has succumbed to a prolonged slump or is merely enduring a brief pause. The need to discourage such excessive risk-taking is why even analysts who think the economy still faces challenges predict that the Fed will nevertheless raise rates at least once this year. " Blue Coat had plans to go public later this year. Photograph by Brendan Mcdermid/Reuters) Charts: 3-Month Treasury Bills: High Rate at Weekly Auction. ( The rise in China’s stock markets came just as the insurers won increased investment freedom. United as they are in outrage, Americans are bitterly divided in their view of the required response. @ Once confidence is lost it can’t be easily restored. Kuka is a leading light in the “Industrie 4.0” drive to digitise industrial processes and create fully automated and networked factories.', '2016-06-15': 'Two of Australia’s biggest states are introducing taxes on foreign property buyers amid growing concern over the volume of Chinese money flowing into local real estate markets and a push to boost government revenues. @ Two health reporters discuss what it means for the future. Most investors are focused overseas right now. There is considerable uncertainty about whether British voters will choose to leave the European Union in a referendum on June 23. The repercussions, however, are not clear. " In commodities, benchmark crude dropped 39 cents, to $48.49 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( That is a healthy response to a liquidity non-event. Yet such strategies circumvent harder decisions. China disputes territory with Vietnam, the Philippines and other Asian nations. The company has also said it is exploring the Philippines market with an eye to establishing operations in Manila. Corporate debt, though still manageable, is high and rising fast. Almost all executives at SOEs are party members.', '2016-06-16': "Volkswagen Looks to Deal With Cost Problems, but Faces Constraints : The carmaker said it would increase the number of battery-powered cars it sells and cut spending on research and development, but it will find it tough to reduce its work force. But in Davao City, where he was mayor, residents say they feel safe. Where the US has its Fangs, China has Bats. China’s equivalent businesses were far less stellar. Baidu and Alibaba fell one-tenth  Tencent returned just over one-third. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index fell 3.82 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,071.50, and the Nasdaq composite fell 8.62 points, or 0.2 percent, to 4,834.93. United States government bond prices remained high, keeping yields low. The repercussions of such a move are not clear. Donald Trump probably won't be elected president (as polling suggests). But things turned out to be more or less fine. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Brexit: What will immigration look like out of the EU? - Which of these statements are fact or fiction is anybody's guess. The more in demand the skill is, the more points a prospective immigrant will get. They could make immigration demands in return for free or favorable trade. Capital controls, regulatory extraterritoriality and unique local market practices.", '2016-06-17': 'Mobile Startup Targets South Africa\'s Unemployment Crisis : The statistics are well known and they are grave. One in four South Africans are unemployed. Even worse, half of all youngRemember the Arab Spring and the heady promise of freedom and peace in the Middle East? We should be prepared for the consequences rather than misled by wishful thinking. @ Unfortunately, all the evidence so far points in the opposite direction. The argument influenced price speculation and encouraged some companies to invest in expensive projects. Times change and now the common view is that demand will peak before supply, although there is no agreement on when that will occur. - Japanese investment in Asean infrastructure is set to rise. We expect this type of investment to continue to rise in coming years. @ - Suppose that the Leave campaign, which one might call Project Lie, wins the referendum next week. How bad might the economic consequences over the next few years be? The UK Treasury has provided a thorough analysis of short-term risks. Under a worse scenario, GDP would be\xa06 per cent lower, unemployment 820,000 higher and sterling 15 per cent lower. Both the Remain and Leave sides immediately suspended campaigning. Mr Xi travels to Serbia and Poland this weekend, following a trip to the Czech Republic in March. It cannot become the norm and must be challenged," he said.', '2016-06-18': 'IEX Group  Exchange  Approved  by S.E.C. : After a brutal lobbying battle, and months of delays, America is getting a new stock exchange from the most prominent high-profile critics of high-frequency trading. Security Firm Gunman Worked For  Has Received Black Eyes Worldwide : The past few years have not gone smoothly for G4S, the giant security firm based in Britain that employed the Orlando nightclub killer, Omar Mateen. Pleading Poverty, Rio Governor Seeks Aid for Olympics : Rio de Janeiro’s governor declared a state of financial emergency and requested federal funds to help fulfill obligations for public services during the Olympics, which start Aug. 5.Apple Withholds Support For GOP Convention Because Of Donald Trump : The real estate mogul’s candidacy is growing costlier for the party every day. IEX Wins SEC Approval As U.S. Stock Exchange : A built-in delay would protect investors from traders who use tactics depicted in Michael Lewis\' 2014 book "Flash Boys: A Wall Street Revolt. "Harambe the Gorilla -- Symptom Of Our Deeper Dysfunction : Being a wild gorilla is far more dangerous than being a zoo-born gorilla. Yet the wild is the only slim hope of true survival; zoos are dead-ends for creatures whose dismantled native habitat makes reintroduction impossible. ‘Brexit’ Vote Reflects How Diversity Adds to E.U. Pain : Tribulations for the euro, a debt standoff with Greece and a flawed approach to migration all inflamed the angry nationalism spreading across the Continent and Britain.', '2016-06-19': 'Iraqi Camps Swell As Civilians Flee Fighting In Fallujah : "People have run and walked for days. " Obama Immigration Win At Supreme Court Could Benefit Trump : The court could rule that a president has broad authority to interpret and enforce federal immigration law. Apple, Uneasy Over Trump, Will Not Support Republican Convention : The company, the latest in a string of sponsors to drop out, was said to be uncomfortable with Mr. Trump’s comments on trade with China, data encryption, Muslims and immigrants. Pillaging by Venezuelans Reveals Depth of Hunger : A nation anxiously searches for ways to feed itself, as the economic collapse of recent years has left it unable to produce or import sufficient food. An interpreter for Mao Zedong and Zhou Enlai, he served as China’s ambassador to France, the Netherlands and the United Nations in Geneva before heading the influential Foreign Affairs University in Beijing. @ Pressure from the US in 2004 meant that the attempts failed. To this day, the embargo remains in place. @ He was also one of the very few officials willing to listen to opinions he evidently disagreed with sympathetically and politely. Is the FTC About to Ban Hotel Resort Fees? : Iraqi Camps Swell As Civilians Flee Fighting In Fallujah : "People have run and walked for days.', '2016-06-20': 'Top calls: Buy Yelp, Corning and bank stocks : Here is the best Wall Street research that\'s moving stocks  Monday. Here\'s what you need to know about Raggi\'s victory:1. She says equality is \'still a pipe dream\'Raggi acknowledged the gender significance of her victory in a post on a party blog. " The first thing I would say ... is that finally Rome will have a female mayor," she wrote. This is just the beginning," he said, the agency reported. " Beppe Grillo: Clown prince takes Italian politics by storm4. Raggi\'s political experience is limited to a few years on Rome\'s City Council. I think there will be a rational solution for both parties, be it loan repayment extension or a loan restructuring.” The benchmark 2022 bond currently yields 33 per cent. @ Their investors are going to need a strong stomach. Both companies have shown a willingness to engage in expensive subsidy battles to win market share. Much more money will need to be raised before it is over. We\'re Spending Less On Health Care Than We Thought We Would Before Obamacare : About two and a half trillion dollars less, to be exact.', '2016-06-21': 'Japan must redouble economic stimulus or admit that it will take years to reach inflation of 2 per cent, the International Monetary Fund has warned in a tough verdict on the world’s third-largest economy. @ Supercomputers are typically used by governments and research institutions for highly complex computations in areas ranging from nuclear energy to astrophysics to life sciences. Stocks had been on pace for much larger gains earlier. After a six-day losing streak, oil prices were up about 7 percent over the last two days. Source: Treasury Department); the Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Brexit vote: Is Britain safer in or out of EU? - There were complaints of bad taste and the offending tweet was quickly taken down. Leave has won big on immigration and to some degree sovereignty. On security, the logic of each side is often reduced to the simplest argument. We get DNA information about individuals, we get information about car registrations... we get personal data about people," she said. Cameron was criticized for using fear tactics. The stakes in this debate remain incredibly high. More likely, the write-downs will prove to be much larger, and will take many years to complete.', '2016-06-22': 'Federal Judge Blocks Major Fracking Rule, Calling It \'Contrary To Law\' : A rule advanced by the Obama administration was intended to regulate fracking on public and tribal lands. North Korea’s Successful Missile Test Shows Program’s Progress, Analysts Say : The Musudan ballistic missile’s launch was a success, state media said, quoting Kim Jong-un as boasting that North Korea could strike United States forces in the Pacific. Brexit outcome: What does it mean for you? - Go here to follow CNN\'s coverage of the UK referendum live. Read MoreFor investors, this is bad news. They must show their passports but do not need them stamped to enter. It enabled airlines like easyJet to offer passengers lower fares to more destinations. The only way to guarantee that this continues is for the UK to remain part of the EU." A result with a narrow margin could also throw markets into chaos. " The longer term impacts on the markets are less clear. They support 34,000 jobs, Universities UK claims. They pay the same fees and have access to the same financial aid. But those wishing to move abroad may face greater restrictions. Tiffany Ap and Sebastian Shukla contributed to this report. The role that SOEs have now been assigned . Ms. Yellen\'s testimony will conclude on Wednesday. " The dollar rose to 104.83 yen from 103.86 yen. US-Pakistan relations have been tense for several months.', '2016-06-23': 'Obama Slams Republicans After \'Heartbreaking\' Supreme Court Ruling On Immigration : "It’s heartbreaking for the millions of immigrants who’ve made their lives here, who’ve raised families here. " Republicans: We Don’t Want To Work For President Trump. But some are even more concerned that he won\'t have any good advisers. Bankruptcy isn’t just about creditor-borrower relations. I personally think liquidations should be used more. The sectors that fund managers choose not to own are as important as those they do. Their Asian counterparts should take note. @ Alibaba affiliate Ant Financial and Tencent are especially well positioned. Instead, Kennedy wrote the majority opinion for the 4-3 ruling. Affirmative Action fast facts"Kennedy\'s evolution matters because at least for the moment, his is the decisive vote on this and subsequent challenges that are already in the pipeline, on the constitutionality of race-based affirmative action programs," Vladeck added. On a second look, that court upheld the program again. The final, nationwide result is expected to be announced Friday morning. But that expectation changed rapidly as results started coming in. Thank you to everyone who was a part of this! # Bye-bye Great Britain, bye-bye United Kingdom. The North East was generally Eurosceptic. Lindsay Lohan (@lindsaylohan) June 24, 2016 CNN\'s Bryony Jones, Phil Black, Nic Robertson, Richard Allen Greene, Simon Cullen, Sebastian Shukla, Tim Lister, Vasco Cotovio and Anais Furtade contributed to this report.', '2016-06-24': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: How Brexit Polls Fared Depends On Which Surveys You Look At : Telephone polls favored “remain,” while internet polls correctly pointed toward a win for “leave. Dog bites man is not a story, runs the Fleet Street adage only a surprise such as “man bites dog” is a story. It is smaller, weaker and less profitable than before, but it still bites. @ Sterling hit a new 2016 high against the dollar during the day, having charged up 1.6 per cent to $1.4947, before relinquishing some of that advance in the late afternoon. David Cameron is to stand down as prime minister after Britain voted to leave the EU in a referendum that has sent shockwaves across Europe and triggered financial market turmoil across the globe. @ In sickness and in health, goes the marital vow. The CFDA planned to make this mandatory for drugs sold nationwide. @ While the companies await a ruling, the deal has lapsed. That implies significant room for further catch-up growth before China reaches the global technological frontier where further gains become more difficult. @ The repercussions will be felt in the UK, Europe and the west. @ Since 1973, EU membership has anchored its foreign and economic policy.', '2016-06-25': 'Brexit Impact Begins: EU Presses UK To Leave Quickly : The European Commission chief  says it "doesn\'t make any sense" to stall the process.140-Year-Old Zoo Is Closing And Sending Animals To Sanctuaries : The Buenos Aires zoo has come under fire for its treatment of animals. Structurally, something similar seems to be happening in reverse. Brexit’ in America : Britain’s vote to leave the E.U. may not bring recession to the U.S., but it could mark the end of a period of economic integration and open markets. Read More"Great Britain continues to be a full member of the EU with all rights and responsibilities. I also spoke to the British Prime Minister about that and he confirms the same. " We were sad yesterday that the vote went that way. In a statement, he said he was "very disappointed," but "what is done cannot be undone. " His remarks were in a news release issued Friday. By law, all petitions to the site that receive more than 100,000 signatures must be considered for debate in Parliament. JUST WATCHEDWill Brexit trigger a Scottish referendum?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWill Brexit trigger a Scottish referendum? Scottish voters rejected independence from the United Kingdom in a 2014 referendum.', '2016-06-26': "Afghanistan War: Obama's Vietnam : President Obama's legacy is being tarnished for having been engaged in seven foreign wars in third world countries during two terms presidency including the U.S. - Afghanistan war which is now in its 15th year. Vegas ATM Steals $600 - Can You Get it Back? : Lisa Selle has $600 sucked out of her debit card in Las Vegas. Why won't American Express cover her loss? Labour Party Eruptsin Revolt as Head Is Challenged : Internal criticism of the leader, Jeremy Corbyn, led to his firing the shadow foreign secretary, and at least 11 other members of the party’s cabinet resigned. I said to him that I no longer had confidence in his leadership. MPs resign from shadow cabinetBenn's sacking was followed by multiple shadow Cabinet resignations, including shadow cabinet of shadow health secretary Heidi Alexander, shadow Scottish secretary Ian Murray, shadow education secretary Lucy Powell, shadow secretary for environment, food and rural affairs Kerry McCarthy and shadow chief secretary to the treasury Seema Malhotra. UK Labour needs new leadership to take the country forward. About That Woman VP Candidate: Klobuchar Works Better Than Warren : I have been watching Klobuchar's rise to political power for 20 years. I, like many others, think she wants to be POTUS. Donald Trump Would Push Debt To Highest Level In U.S. History, Report Says : Making America great again -- by running up huge IOUs.", '2016-06-27': 'Brexit: Racist abuse in UK growing since vote to leave EU - CNN : Brexit: Racist abuse in UK reported since vote to leave EU : Story highlights Muslim Council of Britain calls for more security for migrants, as more racist incidents reportedSocial media details dozens of unconfirmed incidents of racial abuse across the UKIf you\'re in North America, go here to watch a live stream of our Brexit coverage on CNNgo. ( The atmosphere on the street is not good. " We need leadership now more than ever before. It is up to all of us to fight #PostRefRacism. Has anyone seen a similar effect in other EU countries since Friday?— But European leaders want the article triggered immediately, saying the divorce terms should be agreed after. Brexit: Full CNN coverageHere\'s the rundown: What now? Journalist Dave Gilbert contributed to this report from London. CNN : Does Brexit leave the Kremlin smiling? : If you\'re in North America, go here to watch a live stream of our Brexit coverage on CNNgo. ( Finally, there may be some signs that the hound is stirring. The AIIB currently has only three Latin American or African members — Brazil, South Africa and Egypt. It\'s not just at the top of the ticket, but at the statehouse, too. "', '2016-06-28': "Judge Rules Mississippi Clerks Can't Use Religious Beliefs To Deny Same-Sex Marriage Licenses : U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves said that the state's so-called religious freedom law violates last year's Supreme Court ruling that legalized gay marriage. Who says Britain’s global clout is in decline? JPMorgan says that the operating profits of the Japanese automakers will fall by an average 17 per cent should the yen stay near current levels. @ European restructuring will not be free, of course. How they will respond to Brexit remains unclear. Before the vote, Nissan expressed its commitment to its investments. But other product categories continue to grow strongly. Let’s remember, these people have come here and made a wonderful contribution to our country. They’re also very open economies and they have very managed exchange rates. The Sept. 11 terrorist attacks were an example, as was the 2011 Japanese nuclear disaster. Strong dollar The United States dollar has been on a tear. Low interest rates Remember back in December when the Federal Reserve raised interest rates? You can have endless debates about the underlying causes. Each is deeply related -- either as cause, effect or both. It dropped against the yen; it did not rise. Pool Photo by Stefan Rousseau) (B1); Pedestrians Walked Past the Bank of England On Monday. The Supreme Court declined on Monday to hear a case", '2016-06-29': 'Copper hit its highest level in almost two months yesterday as the US dollar weakened and hedge funds and speculators slashed their bets on lower prices. @ Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, and other leaders blocked British demands ahead of the referendum for an “emergency brake” on migrant numbers and the idea remains anathema. The company makes money by charging fees to users who book stays with local hosts through the Airbnb website. The rally followed even bigger gains in Europe. Investors are stepping up and seeing some areas that may have been oversold the past couple of days and redeploying some of their cash." But investors appeared to shake off some of their jitters Tuesday. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.52, or 3.3 percent, to close at $47.85 a barrel in New York. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( We take a look at the different groups involved. The PKKTurkey\'s other main enemy is the Kurdistan worker\'s party, or PKK. Up until now, the PKK do not appear to have targeted civilians. ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHErdogan: \'I\'m not at war with press.\' Until recently he presided over a prolonged period of economic expansion.', '2016-06-30': 'Ozone Hole Shows Signs of Shrinking, Study Shows : Three decades after a treaty to phase out the use of chemicals known as CFCs, there are indications that the hole in the ozone layer is healing. Those worries appeared to ease on Wednesday. He said that it appeared investors had realized "it\'s going to take a long time to unwind this thing." Earlier, stock markets in Asia closed broadly higher. Stocks in Taiwan, Singapore and Indonesia also were higher. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( The opinions expressed in this commentary are his. ( Another was at the security gate at the entrance to the airport. LAPD Spies On People With Its Tech Tools. Black Lives Matter calls that "a huge slap in the face. " The odd timing is no cause for objection. Standard & Poor’s and Fitch have downgraded UK public debt. Mr Johnson is to economic forecasting what England is to football. The Treasury might even have been underestimating the shock. It would be astonishing if there were to be no recession. With the brutal reductionism favoured by his caste, one West Coast venture capitalist says corporate Japan faces an enormous challenge. “ But the easiest fix remains strictly voluntary.', '2016-07-01': "Brexit: Hate crimes up fivefold in week after UK vote - CNN : Brexit: Hate crimes up fivefold in week after UK vote to leave EU : London (CNN)Police in Britain have recorded a dramatic rise in racist attacks in the wake of Brexit, with five times the usual number of incidents reported in the week since the country voted in a referendum to leave the European Union. It very clearly wasn't intended as a compliment. He was saying 'I see you, I've noticed you, that you are foreign, and I would like to tell you that you are foreign. I will not tolerate discrimination of any kind. Incumbent Preisdent Heinz Fischer's term ends July 8. Europe's migrant crisis featured heavily in the campaign period. Brexit: The week that brought Britain to its knees - CNN : Brexit: The week that brought Britain to its knees : London (CNN)The gasps were audible, the stares of disbelief wide-eyed. It's not in the national interest ... for heaven's sake man, go. A total of 17 bonds have defaulted so far this year, compared with six in 2015. @", '2016-07-02': "Russian Warship's 'High Risk' Pass At Navy Ship 'Highly Unprofessional': U.S. : This is the second time the same Russian vessel has come within proximity of a U.S. Navy ship this month. Michael Gove Pitches For Prime Minister After Derailing His Opponent : Gove's decision to vie for David Cameron's PM seat was called a betrayal by some. How Trump’s ‘Birther’ Claims Helped to Stir Presidential Bid : Mr. Trump’s foray into the falsehood that President Obama was born outside the United States gave him a base for the primaries and a template for upending political rules. Costly Program to Create Jobs Has Generated Just 408 : The state has spent tens of millions of dollars promoting the initiative, promising that it would generate more than 4,100 jobs by the end of 2020.The Amazing Lawyers Who Made The Supreme Court Abortion Victory Happen : In all, the case is a triumph for honest judging and a freer and more just America. Something to celebrate over this long Fourth of July weekend. California Wildfire Prompts Evacuations As Blaze Grows : Recent weeks have seen several major fires in California. Here's The Draft Democratic Party Platform : Here's the draft of the Democratic Party platform. It is dramatically more progressive than the 2012 version. The nation's political center of gravity has changed.", '2016-07-03': 'Families Of Charleston Shooting Victims Sue FBI For Letting Roof Buy A Gun : A mistake in Roof\'s background check made the purchase possible. Fair Play in a Fact-Challenged Political Landscape : In the rush to gain access to the most talked-about political operatives, cable news stations have been more willing to hire commentators with increasingly partisan agendas. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  addressed refugees during a speech in the southern town of Kilis, which borders Syria and is home to tens of thousands of migrants. " Thousands have already died this year on perilous journeys, hoping for a better life. Others argue that accepting refugees can be an economic boon. There\'s also a security argument: accepting and integrating those fleeing violence and offering them a livelihood helps reduce the number of young, disaffected refugees -- the prime recruits for terror groups. Why Do We Hear More About Hillary\'s Emails Than Donald Trump\'s Rape Allegations? : I don’t know about you, but I’m getting tired of 2016 presidential election media coverage. It’s been a mess since the beginningWhat Won’t Change In 20 Years? : For entrepreneurs, understanding what is constant and what is changing can give you an enormous competitive edge on those who don\'t.', '2016-07-04': 'After Attacks, Lebanese Christian Town Casts Wary Eye on Refugees : A wave of deadly suicide bombings in the quiet town of Al Qaa has strained a tenuous coexistence between residents and newcomers fleeing Syria’s civil war. And American analysts are hoping for a bounce in hiring numbers. But the advances have gotten ahead of insurers’ ability to factor self-driving systems into their policies. The first one that may come out of the oversupply is copper. If you look at the others — iron ore, coal and so on — there is a long way to go. Our view is that prices will remain under pressure with lots of volatility. ” Top SOE managers are appointed by the Communist party’s personnel department, with input from the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, the SOE watchdog. Yet watchers have also contended with a brutal market crash last year, which informed MSCI’s third decision in as many years to hold off including mainland stocks in its indices. @ “ During the referendum campaign I said I want my country back. Without Nigel Farage we wouldn\'t be where we are today. We all owe him a great deal of thanks and gratitude.— Time for a holiday and a week deserved rest.— " CNN\'s Paul Armstrong contributed to this report. But it is a different story with mainstream banks.', '2016-07-05': 'After a Year, Rohingya Family Still Separated and Struggling : Little has changed since an anguished mother told of fleeing Myanmar to seek refuge in Malaysia, with three children in tow — and one left behind. Is the Supreme Court Naïve About Corruption? We are glad that this matter is now resolved. And it turned out that, \'We\'re not going to press charges.\' And House Speaker Paul Ryan said Comey\'s announcement "defies explanation. "" He shredded the case that she had been making all year long. " I think in many ways this is going to be even worse for Hillary Clinton." It was like removing the frame from a huge jigsaw puzzle and then dumping all the pieces on the floor. ... Eight of those chains contained information considered "top secret," the highest level of classification. CNN\'s Dan Merica and Evan Perez contributed to this report. The figure surpasses Saudi Arabia’s 212bn and Russia’s 256bn in reserves. @ Matters are also complicated by business cycles. While the official figure for 2015 was 6.9 per cent, many people have doubts about this. The real growth rate was almost certainly lower than that. Much of local governments’ debt has gone to infrastructural building. In many cases, its value cannot be fully justified by economic returns  its social returns have to be taken into consideration. These do not necessarily contradict each other, though.', '2016-07-06': 'Trump \'Believes In Putting Your Oxygen Mask On First Before Helping Others,\' Says Top Spokeswoman : The comment by national campaign spokeswoman Katrina Pierson is unlikely to help the candidate win over voters. But with a decision expected soon, it seems to be getting nervous. Read More"The people of Iraq have suffered greatly," he said. The-Report-of-the-Iraq-Inquiry-Executive-Summary (PDF)The-Report-of-the-Iraq-Inquiry-Executive-Summary (Text)The inquiry was commissioned in June 2009 by Blair\'s successor, Gordon Brown, following pressure from the public and Parliament. But while acknowledging "all the problems that came with that decision," Blair said, "what I cannot do and will not do is say I believe we took the wrong decision. " I\'ve gone back to that time when I learned that my brother had been killed." Though you won\'t find too many kind words about Tony Blair." His last plan to lower the number set 5,500 as a target. Those anxieties are evident in a tighter regulatory environment. Others have taken more ambitious approaches. This entity was a limited liability company, rare in China, the law firm says. The deal was completed in October 2015. @ Environmentalists, and safety experts, have some doubts.', '2016-07-07': 'Bill Cosby Loses Bid To Stop Sexual Assault Trial : The woman\'s accusations of a 2004 assault have resulted in the only criminal prosecution against Cosby. Being described as a "bloody difficult woman" won\'t do May any harm whatsoever. CNN\'s Simon Cullen, Alex Felton and James Masters contributed to this report. Demand for bonds and precious metals stayed high. It\'s probably safe to assume there will be bouts of continued fear going forward," she said. Employment grew last month after contracting in May. Services have been a source of strength for the American economy. He downgraded the stock to underperform from hold and cut his price target to $80 a share from $120. Oil prices reversed course from early drops. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( The renminbi has fallen for five consecutive trading sessions against the greenback and, since the start of April, has lost 3.6 per cent. @ The proceeds from green bonds must be used for approved projects deemed environmentally sound. @ In recent years, China has suffered some of the world’s most polluted skies. We are earning the right to look at opportunities.” @ After seven years, 150,000 documents and about £10m of costs, Sir John has produced something very different. The government will release its June employment report on Friday. " The global economy also remains a concern.', '2016-07-08': 'NATO’s Unity Facing Russia Shows Some Cracks as Putin Pressures Old Alliances : At a summit meeting of the Atlantic alliance, the first after Britain’s vote to withdraw from the European Union, leaders brought differing agendas for dealing with Moscow. Dangerous confusion has rushed into the vacuum. Britain has already been sidelined in Brussels. I think it would be quite disastrous, actually. Well I don’t think I should say disastrous because that is an excessive word and I should refrain from excessive words. Sterling has depreciated, assets are very well priced,”\xa0said the minister who also took time to reassure key existing investors such as Huawei, the telecoms equipment maker, and China General Nuclear, the energy group. True, the A shares have been the favoured vehicle to control the company. Today, those bets look at best premature, at worst foolhardy. @ was the university system\'s vice president and chief lobbyist. Family members proudly displayed degrees from the campuses in Los Angeles, Davis, Berkeley and Santa Barbara. In California, even Mrs. Clinton weighed in. " If it is in California, for the children in California. Others see a less positive side to the change. The son of college professors, he will be attending this fall. She ended up at Yale after being turned down by her desired program at Berkeley. And then, when it comes time for our children to go, there\'s no room." Credit: STEPHANIE SAUL; David W. Chen contributed reporting from New York.', '2016-07-09': ': \xa0 Quashing worries that job growth is flagging, the government on Friday reported that employers increased payrolls by 287,000 in June, an arresting surge that could reframe the economic debate just weeks before Republicans and Democrats gather for their conventions. As long as it\'s going in the right direction," she said, "that\'s a good sign for the incumbent party." But the gains were widespread across sectors." Reward programs are much more important than they were three, four and five years ago." AuthorAffiliation PATRICIA COHEN Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter:@PatcohenNYT Photograph Striking Verizon Workers Were Missing From May\'s Employment Numbers, but They Have Returned to Work. That was far more than analysts expected, and after weak reports from April and May, it suggests the economy and job market haven\'t run out of steam. " When demand for bonds is high, their prices rise and yields fall. Polycom accepted an offer from Mitel Networks in April. Polycom stock gained $1.38, or 12.7 percent, to $12.25. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The good news is that doesn\'t appear to be the case. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. London vacations are dirt cheap: Thanks Brexit! Why Is It So Hard To Improve American Policing? :', '2016-07-10': 'Sanders, Set for Clinton Rally, Says Campaigns Are Growing ‘Closer and Closer’ : Mr. Sanders is scheduled to appear on Tuesday in Portsmouth, N.H., alongside Mrs. Clinton, who has adopted some of his ideas on education and health care. Years In, a War Footing Obama Still Finds Slippery : “What I’ve been trying to do is to create an architecture, a structure,” for an American approach to military operations, the president said, “and it’s not there yet. ” Japan Vote Strengthens  Prime Minister’s Effort  to Change Constitution : Whether Prime Minister Abe will be able to pursue his ambition of overturning the clause that calls for the complete renunciation of war remains to be seen. Peaceful Protest In St. Paul Turns Chaotic With Arrests, Injuries : Protesters shut down a major freeway for nearly five hours. Obama Says Anti-Cop Rhetoric Can Hurt Black Lives Matter : "If we paint police in a broad brush...then we\'re going to lose allies in the reform cause. " Clinton And Trump, Least Trusted Candidates In Modern History, Compete to See Who’s Less Terrible : U.S. political culture is in ruins, defined by the two least-liked presidential nominees in modern history.', '2016-07-11': "Mikhail Gorbachev says Nato is escalating Cold War with Russia 'into a hot one' : Former Soviet Premier Mikhail Gorbachev has accused Nato of preparing for “offensive operations” against Russia. As the WesternProsecutors at Odds as Garner Case Drags On : Discord between officials in New York and Washington is one factor slowing the investigation into the death of Mr. Garner, who died after being put in a police chokehold. The recall also does not apply to the EU, Ikea’s biggest market. The caretaker period is over now, the opposition leader has conceded\u2009. We have won the election,” Mr Turnbull said. China has refused to participate in the case. I wanted to take some time and think things through,” he says. “ Spend time doing health policy consulting, or sitting on boards.” @ Paris no doubt has many charms that London cannot match. As the pound slumps against the euro these may be magnified. It behoves us to ask whether this is a blessing in disguise or the harbinger of darker times ahead. @ Did Ruth Bader Ginsburg Cross The Line With Her Donald Trump Comments? : Terrorist attacks inspired or directed by Isis have slaughtered innocents in Nato countries, from Orlando to Paris to Brussels to Istanbul. I believe we can — but only if we stand united as true allies and partners. @", '2016-07-12': 'Undeterred, Tesla Backs Self-Driving Technology : Even as regulators are asking new questions in the wake of a fatal crash involving Tesla’s Model S car, executives say their technology is safe if properly used. Russia-NATO Council:  \'No point\' or silver linings? - But "each time there was a crisis the West ceased communication." " At this point," he says, "there is no point. At least NATO has stopped its "crazy" policy of cutting off all contact with Moscow, he said. The response from the Russian Foreign Ministry bristled with even greater disdain. " JUST WATCHEDIs NATO still relevant?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHIs NATO still relevant? Both sides agree these incidents are dangerous and something needs to be done. We will continue to seek constructive and meaningful dialogue with Russia. If the industry is flooded with capital and the products are substitutable, profit will be scarce. China’s used-car market is big and will get much bigger. The 4m sq km sea is crossed by ships carrying $5tn worth of cargo every year and also has large energy reserves, including an estimated 11bn barrels of oil and 190tn cubic feet of natural gas. For a change, Donald Trump has been a model of restraint. Now was the time for unity, prayer, love and leadership. His words could have been uttered by Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama. In political terms, 2016 is a racial tinderbox awaiting a match. Six months before he leaves office that number has fallen to 34 per cent.', '2016-07-13': "Fight Over LGBT Rights Spawns Last-Minute Drama At GOP Platform Committee : An effort to replace the proposed GOP platform is in jeopardy after RNC staffers shut down a press conference. Desperate for planes, military turns to the 'boneyard' - CNNPolitics : Desperate for planes, military turns to the 'boneyard' : Story highlightsMilitary officials are concerned about safety and accidentsThe boneyard is a base in Arizona where old warplanes go to die (CNN)It's something akin to raising the dead. A total of 744 were built, the last of those in 1962. The eight-engine jets have a range of 8,800 miles. RELATED: Ash Carter announces more troops to IraqAccording to Maj. If any get out of balance for long, the whole system can begin to fray and collapse. We continue to face challenges associated with balancing readiness for today and modernization for tomorrow's fight. More of our force is being demanded, deployed longer than planned. Intended replacements are not keeping pace with attrition. As a young guy, I had a couple of close calls. There's a common theme here: We're pushing harder. For most of the year and most hedge fund strategies, 2016 has not been great. “ When rates are this low, returns are low. There is too much money and too few opportunities. ” As a signatory, Beijing should observe the ruling. The five judges on the panel reached a unanimous decision and their verdict under the convention is final.", '2016-07-14': 'Voters Unhappy With Their Candidates, Poll Finds : Voters expressed deep misgivings about their presumptive nominees in a New York Times/CBS News poll. The race between Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton is tied. So Many Research Scientists, So Few Professorships : There is such a surplus of Ph. Coal has probably caught up with other energy commodities. @ The following day, Michel Sapin, the finance minister, apologised for inappropriate behaviour towards a female journalist. @ So what does a green China mean for its own economic growth and for the world? @ The necessary market framework is already being built. The market opened to strong private interest in January 2016. Stocks were higher at the open but then moved up and down in indecisive trading. That makes for a "decent environment" for stocks. Investors also sought safety in U.S. government bonds, sending yields lower. Investors remain focused on second-quarter earnings. Hong Kong\'s Hang Seng index rose 0.5 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( And America seemed an obvious place to start. And from 1932 to 1938 Britain saw one of its fastest growth spurts in the 20th century. But now, eight years on, something funny seems to be happening. Is banking becoming cool again?Some inventions are more important than others.” We are gigantically richer in body and spirit than we were two centuries ago.”', '2016-07-15': 'A blockbuster new location-based application launches and breaks the internet. Film studios often spend fortunes making films that then flop. @ Manufacturers have cut spending on new factories, leading to slowdown in investment by privately-owned companies. @ China’s main stock index was trading just shy of the three-month high touched on Wednesday. @ Nearly one-third of its revenue comes from advertising. In terms of making money, Line is not quite there yet. To replicate that experience in other markets, it takes a lot of effort." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. AuthorAffiliation AMIE TSANG Follow Amie Tsang on Twitter @amietsang . The United States gains followed rallies in Germany, France and Japan. Stock indexes in each of those countries rose more than 1 percent. Anyone inclined to sell did so" earlier, he said. Line has more users than Facebook or Twitter in Japan. Citigroup and Wells Fargo report results on Friday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Europe has helped to destroy five of the past six Conservative prime ministers: Harold Macmillan, Edward Heath, Margaret Thatcher, John Major and now David Cameron. The Tories were in a parlous state in 2005. Their support was concentrated among the elderly and the socially and geographically immobile.', '2016-07-16': "Attack Builds Political Power of Anti-Immigrant Movements in Europe : The killing in Nice came at a time of political flux and gives populist movements and the far right new opportunities to press their case. W., Borne  Back  Ceaselessly : At long last, the 28 pages on the Saudis and 9/11 have been released, putting the House of Saud and the House of Bush in a bad light. Donald Trump Says He's Raised $51 Million. The Actual Numbers Are Starting To Come In. : But that same sting makes people feel that their purchases are more valuable. This Bill Could Automatically Register 50 Million People To Vote : Congressional Democrats propose making it easier to vote, not harder. Christie’s Rough Year Gets Worse After He Is Passed Over for a Position He Wanted : The New Jersey governor, who hoped to be Donald J. Trump’s running mate, saw his political fortunes crash after backing Mr. Trump in the presidential race. Turkey Blames Coup Attempt On Group Led By U.S.-Based Cleric : Tensions rise in U.S.-Turkish relations as Erdogan targets Fethullah Gülen, a cleric who lives in Pennsylvania. Relief, And Fear, Grip Turkey After Bloody Coup Attempt : Hundreds are dead and thousands arrested the day after a failed coup plunged Turkey into chaos. At a time when Americans are wrestling with deep divisions of all kinds,, 51 percent of the population has just been foolishly ignored.", '2016-07-17': 'Cleveland Police Union Urges Ohio Governor To Suspend Open Carry Laws During GOP Convention : The head of the police union is concerned about safety after the shooting of six police officers in Louisiana. Can it put Trump over the top?Hillary Clinton Holds A Pre-Convention Lead, New Polling Finds : Three new national surveys give her a small but solid edge over Donald Trump. Assad Seizes Only Road Into Rebel-Held Aleppo As Siege Tightens : The city has seen some of the worst fighting in Syria\'s deadly war. Civil so Far, Cleveland Is Bracing for Worse : At the height of the protests early Sunday evening, about 200 demonstrators marched in the heart of downtown, stopping traffic and shouting, “No justice, no peace, no racist police!”Trying to ‘Salvage’ Nation, Nigeria’s President Faces a Crisis in Every Direction : President Muhammadu Buhari promised to stamp out terrorism in the north and to rebuild the economy. But the nation now faces terrorism, separatism and low oil prices. Exit the Korean Imbroglio: A Win-Win Approach for America to Northeast Asia : Experience suggests that "neutering" Pyongyang is beyond the power of the U.S. president, at least at a cost Americans are willing to bear. The U.S. should try a different approach. Washington should withdraw from the Korean vortex. Then the Democratic People\'s Republic of Korea would be primarily a problem for its neighbors, who have the most at stake.', '2016-07-18': 'Convention Gives Trump Chance to Clear an Obstacle: Himself : Mr. Trump can pitch himself to a skeptical electorate by showing discipline, detailed economic plans and the maturity to lead the nation, people in both parties say. So, too, in its grim way, does the spate of terror attacks with which Isis has marked Ramadan, from Baghdad to Bangladesh, and Medina to Istanbul. @ If they held more territory, and their momentum had not been arrested, there might actually be more such attacks. The Republican Plan For Higher Education: Less Red Tape And Less Money : “Republicans are very concerned that we get a good return on the money we are spending. ” China refused to participate in its own defence after the case was brought by the Philippines. The quality (not to mention reliability) of that growth is questionable. @ China is quieter these days regarding its desire to address economic imbalances. New loans also rose by over $200bn, more than $50bn higher than economists’ estimates. @ Meanwhile, fixed asset investment growth slowed. Yet the investment that did occur was largely state sponsored  private enterprises barely increased their spending. @ The reversion to state-led growth is unsustainable. The deal is expected to be announced first thing Monday morning, according to two people familiar with the negotiations. SoftBank and Arm could not immediately be reached for comment. @', '2016-07-19': "UK enjoys the hottest day of the year - CNN : UK swelters during hottest day of the year : Story highlightsThe hottest temperature ever recorded in the UK was 101.3 degrees in August 2003, according to Met office figures. The quiet woman of British politics has played the long game and triumphed. Not Brexit but Crispr gene-editing, a DNA-changing technology that can supposedly cure mice of liver disease and muscular dystrophy, render human cells resistant to HIV and create fungus-resistant wheat. @ With luck, the genetic edits should boost the patient’s immune system. This idealised place has been getting a lot of attention in Silicon Valley of late. Prime minister Manuel Valls was yesterday booed in Nice after attending a minute’s silence in tribute to the victims of last week’s atrocity in the city. The $1.24bn buyout of Norwegian browser company Opera Softwareby a consortium of Chinese buyers has joined the list of deals originating in China that have come to grief this year. @ Others have come undone without explanation. @ Arm is a unique asset in a somewhat threadbare UK tech landscape. They also fears that THAAD lacks the range to protect\xa0Seoul. Samantha Bee: 'Indiana Hates Mike Pence As Much As Indiana Jones Hates Snakes' : “Congratulations Indiana! You just got rid of one of the worst governors you’ve ever had. ” Worse, they are helping push nuclear power into bankruptcy.", '2016-07-20': 'South Dakota Republican Delegate Facepalms As His State Selects Donald Trump : "I just think that it’s a sad day for the Republican party. " NRA Lobbyist: \'We Are On The Cusp Of Losing This Great American Freedom\' : The NRA\'s Chris Cox raised fears of a gunless America, but Hillary Clinton has never said she\'d take away guns. Anger as Work Stops on Roads in New Jersey : Amid a stalemate over taxes, road rage is climbing, detours are lengthening and the state is losing precious summer days to complete hundreds of projects. Building a Skills-Based Economy : Burlington is an outlier in the technology world. You cannot see it, hear it, feel it or know it exists until it is too late, as revellers in Nice enjoying Bastille Day fireworks found out on Thursday evening. We must shoulder responsibility for what has happened to our great religion. There should be a big question about US behaviour in all of this\u2009. I think this arbitration case is politically motivated,” Mr Liu said. Not for the first time, Masayoshi Son, founder of\xa0SoftBank, stepped forward. Less clear is whether any other Japanese business leader would want that title.', '2016-07-21': "Even After Republican Backlash, Ted Cruz Won't Endorse Trump 'Like A Servile Puppy' : Cruz said Trump's attacks on his wife and father kept him from endorsing. RNC Shows 'Manager Trump' Is An Oxymoron : Democrats will argue that Donald Trump doesn’t have the knowledge, focus or temperament to handle the job of president. It’s complicated, he tries to explain — a response he acknowledges is accurate and unsatisfying. They don't know  how to stand up and boo! Everyone was dispirited — as you might expect. And then came Trump running mate Mike Pence. And they got on their feet and cheered for  Pence. Trump couldn't have made a better choice. He basically snatched victory from the jaws  of defeat. He turned destruction into positive hope. Ted Cruz will never politically recover from this. That's more important than any policy detail. Commentary by Larry Kudlow, a senior contributor at CNBC and  economics editor of the National Review. For more insight from CNBC contributors,  follow @CNBCopinion on  Twitter. But space has rapidly been globalised and democratised, opening up to other countries and private sector companies. @ We are living in a world of pervasive connectivity. ” He had been driving to a local radio station to present his regular programme when the explosion happened.", '2016-07-22': "Victory Lap for Trump,  Complete With Ax to Grind : After bragging that he had unified Republicans in one of the most “love-filled” conventions in history, the nominee went on an extended diatribe against his primary rival. Rites in Baton Rouge Draw Officers From Afar : Officer Gerald, 41, a military veteran, was remembered as a man whose decision to join the Baton Rouge Police Department renewed his sense of purpose. Most of the growth has come from sales of “universal insurance” policies that are essentially wealth management products bearing little resemblance to traditional insurance. @ And Stephen  Colbert has landed at CBS's Late Show. ( Stewart himself has a  deal with HBO that he'll presumably start producing content for  one of these days.) He learned the hard way that he was on live  TV. You've    got a problem with them because you feel like the — what's    Representative Steve King's word for it? — subgroups of    Americans are being divisive. Here's hoping the next time isn't another 351 days from  now. Donald Trump Isn't Toning Down Immigration Rhetoric For The General Election, He's Getting Worse : His convention speech was all doom and gloom on immigration.", '2016-07-23': 'Mr. Kaine is a senator and former governor from Virginia, a crucial swing state, but his credentials as a moderate might not satisfy the Democratic Party’s base. BEIJING -- Throughout his presidential campaign, Donald J. Trump has claimed that China is stealing American manufacturing jobs. At one point, Mr. Trump\'s argument had merit. Manufacturing for export is getting harder and harder" in China. That has caused managers to raise wages to attract workers. It just makes economic sense," said Hal Sirkin, a senior partner at BCG. " The U.S. right now is in a very favorable position." Many of the factories moving away make the products often found on the shelves of American retailers. AuthorAffiliation MICHAEL SCHUMAN Follow Michael Schuman on Twitter @MichaelSchuman. Photograph A Pegatron Plant in Shanghai, Where Iphones Are Made. United States markets crept higher on Friday, the latest nudge forward for a market that has taken a decidedly slow and steady path to new highs in recent days. Industrial stocks had the biggest declines, while telecoms rose. I think it\'s interesting; a half-a-percent move down feels like a 5 percent move." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Alcohol Is Even Deadlier Than You Think, Scientist Reminds Us : If you\'ve recently had a drink, we have some terrible news for you.', '2016-07-24': 'Debbie Wasserman Schultz Resigns As Democratic Party Chair : The Florida congresswoman had faced calls to resign for months, after Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) But what shone through the most in his endless and largely shouted speech was fear - fear of immigrants, fear of diversity, fear of the nation America has become. The key refrain was "again," with Trump promising to make America "strong again," "proud again," "safe again." Never mind that America is actually, for instance, very safe - despite recent upticks, crime is still at historic lows. And he only wins by building that place in our minds. Two Democratic Parties Meet At Philadelphia Convention. Donald Trump Reminds Me Of Vladimir Putin — And That Is Terrifying : Donald Trump’s dark and frightening speech at the Republican National Convention on Thursday had pundits and historians makingLeaks Bring Down a Democratic Leader : Some prominent Democrats had called for the Democratic National Committee chairwoman to step down in the wake of emails revealing the party’s attempts to undermine Bernie Sanders’s presidential bid. The spike in violence marks the deadliest week in the conflict for at least two months. Read MoreHow did we get here?Russian President Vladimir Putin, right, and then-Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych in Moscow in 2013. What followed were scenes that shocked the world. As clashes spread, Yanukovych did something unprecedented: He fled. But the ceasefire is shaky at best, never entirely taking hold. I normally love \'em, but today I am cursing the French!"', '2016-07-25': "The world’s largest seaplane rolled off a production line in China at the weekend, beefing up the country’s strategic reach to islands it claims in the South China Sea. @ His comments on WTO appeared to take his anti-free trade rhetoric up a further notch. No country should be denied such legitimate defence needs. Donald Trump is confirmed as the Republican nominee for US president. Scores die in another dreadful terrorist attack in France. On the face of it these events are unconnected. This is not quite a Hobbesian world but the direction of travel is evident. Vote preference will be erratic for a couple of weeks. Putin's Buddy Trump Is About To Get National Security Briefings. Click through the gallery to see other US aircraft carriers. The newest Kennedy will be the second carrier of that name. The Vinson has just recently returned from a 10-month deployment. The cold water created a fog that made it seem the ship was in a cloud. The carrier was decommissioned 20 years ago. James Doolittle and his pilots during an air raid in Tokyo four months after the attack on Pearl Harbor. Barbara Starr contributed to this report.", '2016-07-26': 'Bernie Sanders Has A Message For His Loudest Supporters : Sanders delegates have been booing the idea of party unity throughout the Democratic National Convention. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Fed officials have said that Ms. Brainard did not violate any rules. You can say that\'s very nasty, very selfish. But do you think that other central banks care about us? Many people have taken an ostrich \'head in the sand\' approach," he said. " Anything she touches will be done to the highest standards." Four attacks in one week, all in Germany\'s Bavaria region. And all were young men between the ages of 18 and 27. " And I have never experienced anything like this until now." This will create so many problems for us. Killing their children and destroying their rules? But we also can\'t see what\'s going on in their minds. Demonstrators held up banners that read "Foreigners Out!" " said one local resident with a glass of beer in hand. " Handsets (about a third of sales last year) are a big factor.', '2016-07-27': "Mondelez International will make its first major foray into China’s tricky chocolate market in September, as it introduces its $2bn Milka brand at a time when rival and recent takeover target Hershey battles falling sales in the country. @ Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign was thrown into turmoil by the leak of emails documenting dirty tactics by the Democratic party leadership. But this should not be a source of satisfaction for Republicans. So far, their message has had little effect. Primavera offered $2bn for part of the franchise, people briefed on the talks said. Amazon pilots will also be able to fly multiple drones at one time. An ugly EU referendum campaign has led to an even uglier aftermath. Today's Democrats Booted Anthony Weiner For Sexting. How Would They Treat Bill Clinton's Scandal? : McDonald's reported disappointing growth in the United States. This week is a big one for tech earnings in particular. Apple and Twitter reported after the closing bell on Tuesday. Some data showed that American consumers were feeling confident about current economic conditions. The Federal Reserve started a two-day policy meeting on Tuesday. An interest rate decision is expected Wednesday afternoon. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph Traders On the Floor of the New York Stock Exchange. The Dow Dipped 19.31 Points On Tuesday. ( Source: Reuters); 5-Year Treasury Notes: High Yields at Auction. (", '2016-07-28': 'Divisions Linger at Convention, but Both Parties Have Faced Worse Infighting : Supporters of Bernie Sanders may be slow to embrace Hillary Clinton, but Republicans and Democrats have seen divisions that were deeper and that festered longer. Stephen Colbert Retires ‘Stephen Colbert.’ U.S. Consumer Agency Unveils Plan To Toughen Regulations On Debt Collection Industry : “This is about bringing better accuracy and accountability to a market that desperately needs it. ” Financial markets are like small children. They find it hard to focus on more than two things at once.” Whether small children can focus on anything at all is a matter for debate. But he has a point when it comes to global markets. That is bigger than the fall last summer but no one seems to care at all. I fear it is because investors simply have not been paying attention. @ It is true that this depreciation feels somewhat more controlled. Globally, however, the picture is not nearly as strong. The forecast for world trade has also been slashed, yet again. Job gains were strong in June following weak growth in May." There are also meetings scheduled in November and December. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. ” Those sales will allow the company to focus more of its resources on innovation and acquisitions.', '2016-07-29': "China’s foreign exchange regulators are struggling to stem the flow of personal wealth spilling offshore via Hong Kong’s insurance industry, the latest results from the world’s second-largest insurer suggest. @ I never said it would be easy,” she said. “ But I’m just as much as convinced now as I was then that we will cope\u2009. and we will live up to this historic task. ” Baidu reported that revenues in the second quarter grew 10.2 per cent year-on-year to Rmb18.2bn ($2.7bn), while net income fell 33 per cent to Rmb2.41bn from a year earlier. The purchase plan will run through to August. @ The news for the watch industry is bad. “ The global environment is tough mainly because of the significance of Hong Kong as a market. If the first rule of macro trading is “don’t fight the Fed” then the first rule of raw materials must be “don’t fight Beijing”. @ Debbie Wasserman Schultz Finally Gets Some Love In Philadelphia : The ousted Democratic National Committee chair got a hero's welcome from supporters gathered near the party convention.", '2016-07-30': "Fiery Hot-Air Balloon Crash in Texas Kills 16 and Leaves Questions : Officials said the craft caught fire in midair and plummeted to the ground in what appeared to be the worst balloon accident in U.S. history. Obstruction Charges for Ex-Brazil Leader : The decision could complicate the political ambitions of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, who is accused of obstructing the inquiry into the bribery scheme at Petrobras. How Democrats Learned To Party And (Kind Of) Love One Another : At the Democratic Convention in Philadelphia, party infighting took a back seat to partying. Ask the Bond Market : Bonds have risen sharply in value, and their yields have plummeted. That has made stock prices look cheap and dividends seem generous, driving up the market. In general, healthcare and health insurance costs less almost everywhere else in the world than it does in the U.S.Why Khizr Khan's DNC Speech Was So Effective : Khan's speech showcased a powerful way to tell the story of Muslims in America, with examples of their contributions to and sacrifices for our country--and language that reminds people we're all on the same team. But in terms of getting actual votes on November 8, his strengths do not compare with those of Clinton.", '2016-07-31': "Flood Rips Through Historic Maryland Town, Leaving at Least 2 Dead : More than six inches of rain fell in just two hours on Saturday night in Ellicott City, Md., sending a fast-moving current down its Main Street. Sotheby’s Big Investor Is a Power in China, Too : Taikang Life Insurance, run by Chen Dongsheng, now holds 13.5 percent of Sotheby’s stock, evidence of how far China has risen in the art business. How The Fight To Convict Baltimore Cops In Freddie Gray's Death Fell Apart : A conviction was a long shot, legal experts say. It quoted an unidentified “authoritative figure” warning readers of the ruling Communist party’s flagship newspaper about the country’s dangerous addiction to debt. @ After a tumultuous start to the year, which began with a stock market and currency crisis, the government had needed strong first-quarter growth to restore confidence in its ability to manage the world’s second-largest economy. The feeling soon evaporated, however, over concerns that the growth had been “bought” at the expense of financial discipline. Hillary Clinton Is Probably Getting A Convention Bounce In The Polls : Wait a couple of weeks for the polls to settle before assessing the state of the race. Glass Ceiling and Class Ceiling: Can Hillary Smash Both? :", '2016-08-01': 'How An Iranian Rights Activist\'s Hunger Strike Is Exposing The Nation\'s Brutal Prison System : One month into her hunger strike, jailed Iranian human rights activist Narges Mohammadi has gained an army of supportersVets In Congress Urge Paul Ryan To Un-Endorse Trump : "The profound disrespect Mr. Trump has shown toward Gold Star parents is a new low.": It\'s far more important whether the spending is worthwhile." It\'s called priming the pump," Mr. Trump said. " Sometimes you have to do that a little bit to get things going. We have no choice -- otherwise, we are going to die on the vine." Hillary Clinton has laid out ambitious, big-ticket proposals. Mike Konczal, a left-of-center economist with the Roosevelt Institute, is even more emphatic. " The savings in Washington came at a price, however. In the short run, it\'ll have the appearance of working. About 80 per cent of the fund is invested in corporate bonds. @ The questions sparked the Indian workers’ curiosity. But that status as the bridge into China is threatened. Running a business isn’t easy [for merchants]. It allows service recipients to enjoy better service.', '2016-08-02': "Trump University Lawsuit Advances As Judge Curiel Deals Blow To Donald : The fraud allegations and Trump's racist attacks on the judge have been significant blemishes on Trump's campaign. HUFFPOLLSTER: Polls Continue To Show Good News For Hillary Clinton : But that doesn’t mean the gains will last until November. Yahoo “humanised and popularised the web, email [and] search”, she said. @ I also travelled to Pakistan to meet civilian and military leaders and to discuss counterterrorism efforts in the region. That mission remains urgent, and it is unfortunately not over yet. @ The $100bn fast-food chain said on Monday it had removed artificial preservatives from its Chicken McNuggets, sausage patties, omelettes, bagel and biscuit breakfast sandwiches and its scrambled eggs. @ Trillions of dollars of sovereign and corporate debt are currently trading with a yield below zero. @ The losses for energy and mining, chemical and building companies canceled out gains for technology and health care companies. When the dollar gets stronger, oil falls because it is priced in dollars. Exxon Mobil fell $3.09, or 3.5 percent, to $85.86, its biggest loss since January. That is also a sign more investors are expecting higher interest rates. SolarCity also cut its guidance on Monday. The South Korean Kospi gained 0.7 percent.", '2016-08-03': 'Runaway Trump Train Picks Up Speed As Aides Can\'t Grab The Controls : Paul Manafort isn’t quitting, but is said to be “frustrated.” House Republicans: Trump-Ryan Feud Hurts Them, But Not Us : Donald Trump and Paul Ryan are just dragging each other down, congressional Republicans say. Then it let football fans drench themselves in virtual Gatorade. Yet good weather alone does not make a bountiful harvest. The regulators found fake receipts from warehouses  traders pledging their same steel holdings in the warehouses quietly as collateral to multiple lenders  traders guaranteeing each other’s loans to expand borrowing  traders investing in real estate with bank loans ostensibly intended to buy steel  and other shenanigans. The haze of \'domestic and international concerns\' has not dispersed from the Chinese sky," the video says. Chinese court defames Joshua Wong for receiving foreign money for HK independence. The EAC did not respond to a request for comment. CNN interns Sean Zhong and Lavanie Yan contributed reporting from Beijing. The chorus has only three words: "RECEP TAYYIP ERDOGAN! The world\'s largest Turkish diaspora can be found in Germany -- where about three million people with Turkish ethnicity now reside. Perhaps making them a force that could help these two nations overcome their recent quarreling. Refugees risk treacherous journeys across the Mediterranean in flimsy boats.', '2016-08-04': 'A Chinese project to reduce urban congestion with huge elevated buses that allow cars to flow beneath them has finally hit the road, after a prototype travelled 300m down a closed section of tarmac in Qinhuangdao, a seaside town east of Beijing. @ Four remaining groups fall into miscellaneous categories. @ Partial privatisation through stake sales and stock market listings is also on the agenda. The company issued new shares to 16,000 of its 20,000 employees. The reviews, it would be fair to say, were far from delivering a verdict of mastery. Uncertain times call for stronger support for the bilateral relationship that will make or break Britain in the China century. My whole family fell in love with what Malta has to offer,” she says. Now they are becoming increasingly common, according to the International Monetary Fund. @ Read More"Each aircraft carries two barrel bombs. They cause a lot of damage and people are most scared of them. When it\'s bad like that, everyone goes to the bottom floors. One of them was a child who lost his leg, and he is now in a serious condition. Everyone who went there found out that they are very dangerous for crossing." " CNN\'s Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report.', '2016-08-05': 'Donald Trump Just Had Another Very Bad Polling Day : Two new surveys show him with less than 40 percent of the vote against Hillary Clinton. Partners contributing content to its Mi VR app include glossy magazine Condé Nast Traveller and Chinese video side Youku. @ It is being marketed as an affordable entry-level product. The World Bank is pushing through the biggest changes in decades to the social and environmental rules that cover its lending, drawing fire from activists who are accusing it of betraying vulnerable populations across the world’s poorest countries. @ The rates are a\xa0little higher than provisional penalties in place since February. @ HUFFPOLLSTER: Will Hillary Clinton’s Post-Convention Lead Last? : There’s evidence that her rising numbers are more than a convention bounce, but it’s still too early to tell. But it may have led to our smoking habit and the emergence of tuberculosis. But that doesn\'t mean we have to sacrifice our way of life." Tsai\'s office did not respond to a request for comment. United States stocks wavered on Thursday and finished barely higher. To get the market to move higher you need an underpinning of stronger economic growth." The measures seemed to exceed investors\' expectations.', '2016-08-06': "How Donald Trump Created The Worst Week Any Candidate's Ever Had : Here are all 16 of Trump's terrible gaffes this week. Stocks on Wall Street jumped to record highs Friday after a strong jobs report for the month of July gave investors more confidence that the economy was still growing. Stocks made their biggest gain in almost a month. Banks traded higher as investors anticipated higher interest rates and bigger profits on mortgages and other loans. Bond prices fell and the yield on the 10-year Treasury note jumped to 1.59 percent from 1.50 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (: More Americans are working, and they're getting paid more money for their efforts. So that creates a fascinating backdrop for the economic discussion during the homestretch of the election. Expect President Obama and his administration to celebrate (and seek credit for) the good numbers. Here's an interpretation of the available data over the last several months that incorporates all these realities. Fixing that will be an important goal of the next president. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. ‘ Military Success  in Syria Is Giving Putin Leverage : Russia has not only avoided a quagmire in Syria, its successes on the battlefield against C.I.A.-backed rebels have given it new leverage in the Middle East.", '2016-08-07': 'Thai Voters Endorse Constitution That Would Extend Military’s Influence : The document, which won overwhelming approval Sunday, would be the country’s 20th Constitution in 84 years. It aims to reduce the power of political parties and extend the influence of the military. Greens See Opportunity  Amid Voter Discontent : The party, which held its convention on Saturday in Houston, has a new sense of vitality as its candidate, Jill Stein, draws about 5 percent in polls. But weakness in mobile could be an obstacle.: It is behind the cheap gasoline you put in the car and the ultralow interest rates you earn on your savings. The economies of Western Europe and Japan have done worse than that. That number was 97 percent in Italy, 70 percent in Britain, and 63 percent in France. It was a distinctly minority view in that apex of technological optimism. " Fewer people are working fewer hours than seemed likely not long ago. But the unemployment rate counts only those actively seeking a job. But it may not be as simple as supply versus demand. Economic history is full of unpredictable fits and starts. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Photograph Two Houses for Sale in New Haven.', '2016-08-08': 'The Green Party Takes Itself Very Seriously, But No One Else Should : Even a participation trophy might be out of reach. Most Americans (Incorrectly) Believe Crime Is Up. Erdogan Threatens EU-Turkey Refugee Deal Could Collapse : Tensions between Turkey and Europe are on the rise after last month\'s failed coup. JUST WATCHEDOn GPS: Who is behind the attempted coup in Turkey?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHOn GPS: Who is behind the attempted coup in Turkey? Every coup which does not kill us, makes us stronger. The faith and determination of this nation." He likened the coup plotters to "terrorists wearing military uniforms." Teachers, journalists, police and judges have been affected. After our parliament takes such a decision the step to be taken is apparent. If it comes to my approval I hereby express that I will approve it. " No one employs an architect whose house falls down, or a plumber whose own pipes burst. So why would anyone hire a branding guru who ruins his personal brand? @ Monday was something of a red-letter day for the tech industry. And they all hailed from the West coast of the US, whether the San Francisco Bay Area (Apple,\xa0Alphabet\xa0and\xa0Facebook) or in and around Seattle (Microsoft\xa0and\xa0Amazon). @', '2016-08-09': 'Ex-Governor of Illinois  Loses Bid for Leniency : In his first public appearance in more than four years, the former Illinois governor apologized for his actions in a vast corruption scheme. But a federal judge upheld his 14-year sentence. These Republicans Who Used To Run The EPA Are Terrified Of Trump, Too : “Donald Trump has shown a profound ignorance of science. " Would the renminbi be faring better if it were universally known as the redback? The chances are that these falls are cyclical and not directly linked to the currency’s name. China has issued its sternest warning yet to the UK that bilateral ties stand at a “crucial historical juncture” over the government’s deferral of an £18bn nuclear power project. @ Right now, China-UK relationship is at a crucial historical juncture\u2009. The glitch was more embarrassing than commercially damaging. A mostly listless day of trading left United States stock indexes little changed on Monday, hovering just below the record highs they set late last week. We\'re coming off a good employment number and we know the consumer\'s been strong." Two drug makers weighed on the market early on. The deal underscores how serious Walmart is about challenging the online leader, Amazon. The benchmark United States crude rose $1.22, or 2.9 percent, to close at $43.02 a barrel in New York. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2016-08-10': 'Last September, Jean Liu, president of Didi Kuaidi (now Didi Chuxing), had the unenviable task of explaining why it was losing huge amounts of money in a subsidy war with Uber, with no end in sight. @ Rather than duck, she took the question head on: “We wouldn’t be here today if it wasn’t for burning cash,” she said. @ Beijing has a record of rounding on countries that displease it. The world has changed, and we must change with it. Mr Kim was appointed president of the World Bank in 2012 and his term runs out next June. China’s slow liberalisation of its energy sector has disappointed investors. @ Apple’s flagship store in Wangfujing, a central shopping district in Beijing, is a\xa0hive of activity. Part of the problem may be short term, according to staff in the shop. The bearish camp, with analysts such as those at Goldman Sachs, tends to have a constructive view on the US dollar and the ability to raise interest rates and normalise global monetary policy, and generally a benign view on the global economy and inflationary risks. @ HUFFPOLLSTER: Donald Trump Is Floundering In The Midwest : But he’s still running a tight race with Hillary Clinton in Florida.', '2016-08-11': 'Belgians Suspect Dirty Water For Laser Sailor Illness : “The judgment of the medical team is that the water is the likely cause. " Another slide in crude oil prices weighed on the energy sector. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart 10-Year Treasury Notes: High Yield in Monthly Refunding Auction. ( Third, it sets expectations far too high. The gap between expectation and reality is the biggest problem for millennials, and Mr Lesser ought not to widen it. Why is there renewed tension in Ukraine? - CNN\'s Nick Paton Walsh answers the key questions. The Kremlin likes to keep its intentions that way. Coupled with that, Ukraine\'s not been handling itself that well. From left, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko, Russian President Vladimir Putin, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President François Hollande and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko gather before negotiations begin on Wednesday, February 11. It did not provide details on how the questioning will be conducted. Follow @faithcnn CNN\'s Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report.', '2016-08-12': 'Alibaba, the Chinese ecommerce group founded by Jack Ma, delivered its fastest pace of quarterly sales growth since its 2014 flotation as it defied the wider slowdown in the Chinese economy and fears about its business model. @ That came on the back of a resilient performance by its main Chinese platform, fuelled by increasing mobile commerce and rapid growth in its nascent cloud computing business. @ While we do not judge this dispute, we think this may hurt Pax Global’s shareholder value,” Mr Huang told clients yesterday. In few arenas is the cliché “it is better to be lucky than good” as apt as in financial markets. @ Tensions between the two countries deteriorated under previous president Benigno Aquino. The deal still needs approval from authorities in Luxembourg before it can finally go through. He often wore make-up, even when he wasn’t on TV. Maybe it just appealed to his sense of always being a performer.” Boris Johnson lately admitted, and then retracted, the fact he is now a bottle blond. Could it be that male make-up today is simply becoming less taboo? Body: Light May Affect Strength : Animals exposed to continuous light had less muscle strength and developed signs of early-stage osteoporosis, suggesting that nonstop lighting in hospitals and nursing homes may be harmful to patients.', '2016-08-13': "SeaWorld Stopped Breeding Orcas, But What About Their Other Whales? : A life in a tank isn't good for belugas, either. Why Donald Trump Is Scarier Than Any Other Populist Politician : US presidential candidate Donald Trump has been widely dubbed a “populist politician”. Populism is an ideology which holdsBleak Times for Marooned Migrants in Greece : Tens of thousands of asylum seekers are languishing in camps, with more trickling in, and neither Western and Northern Europe nor Turkey are doing much to help. Wall Street's procrastination only gives opponents another reason to act. They have already had six years to do so, during which time the stock market has doubled. Asking for such a long delay may lead to unwanted consequences. They also may be subject to contractual obligations that limit how and when they can be sold. That is a concern for shareholders, however, not regulators. The $7 billion of affected investments at Goldman and the $3.2 billion at Morgan Stanley would hurt earnings if sold at a loss, but should not put a strain on capital. Further delays will come off as banks again trying to avoid rules and oversight.", '2016-08-14': "New Hampshire Looking Increasingly Out Of Reach For Donald Trump : The state has just 4 electoral votes, but they could make a difference. U.S. Democrat Pelosi Gets 'Obscene And Sick' Calls After Hack : “This is a sad course of events, not only for us, but more importantly for our country. ” Libyan Forces And U.S. Airstrikes Fight To Push ISIS Out Of Libyan City : This month has seen a big push to dislodge ISIS from their stronghold in Sirte. Sale of U.S. Mortgages Hurts Blacks, Suit Says : A federal lawsuit filed in New York claims that private investors who have taken ownership of federally insured mortgages are putting black homeowners at higher risk of foreclosure. When he ascended to the apex of the Communist party in late 2012 most people in China and abroad assumed Xi Jinping would provide more of what had come before — consensus leadership, competent economic management and very gradual political liberalisation. He has overseen what human rights groups describe as the most repressive crackdown on free speech and dissent in decades and sought to root out the fragile shoots of civil society wherever they sprout. @ Unfortunately, many of these initiatives have still not begun and a closer examination shows some were contradictory to begin with.", '2016-08-15': "HUFFPOLLSTER: How Hillary Clinton Could Win In A Landslide : Current polls suggest it's just as likely as a comeback for Donald Trump. New reports highlight the social insurance program's benefits for some 60 million people. Target's Grocery Business Is Struggling -- Here's One Way It Could Change : Walmart and Whole Foods are already doing this. He can’t be trusted,” the vice president said.: Data on housing starts in the United States will also be announced on Tuesday. Johnson Controls shareholders are to vote in Dallas, while Tyco's shareholders will do so in Dublin. The question matters because fossil fuels are the largest contributor to climate change. These are strange days in the energy business. It has ended up costing about $54bn and came on stream this year. Soon after it started, it suffered a gas leak that meant production had to be shut down. The extra camera can also allow a wider angle for better landscapes and selfies. What is holding women back in the workplace? It is superficially appealing to cast Mr Roberts as the victim of a feminist witch hunt. In a sign of the shift away from fossil fuels that is starting to take hold in some regions, G20 countries collectively produced 8 per cent of their electricity from solar farms, wind parks and other green power stations in 2015, up from 4.6 per cent in 2010. @", '2016-08-16': 'Clinton Announces Transition Leadership Should She Win In November : The announcement comes as Clinton gains momentum in the polls against Donald Trump, whose campaign has struggled after a string of controversial remarks. Republicans Are Feeling Kind Of Pessimistic About Their Party Right Now : The vast majority of GOP voters say their party remains divided. The shares rose stratospherically, jumping almost 20-fold during the following three months. The so-called “Connect” will for the first time allow international investors to trade stocks listed in the southern city, home to many more tech and start-up enterprises than Shanghai, which is known for hosting a greater proportion of state-owned enterprises and banks – neither of which are particularly popular with international investors just now. @ “ The north of England has never been more popular with Chinese tourists. The company has hosted several meals at Chinese restaurants for valued clients. You are clearly misinformed," he tweeted. " So just what is in the law at the center of the dispute? " Tensions with EuropeThe diplomatic row comes amid heightened tensions between Turkey and Europe. Teachers, journalists, police and judges have been affected. CNN\'s Gul Tuysuz and Isil Sariyuce contributed to this report. Aetna Drops Obamacare In Most States : The No.', '2016-08-17': 'Liz Cheney Claims Victory In Wyoming Primary For U.S. House Seat : “I’m honored by the trust Wyoming Republicans have placed in me to serve as our next Representative in Congress. " Steven Avery Has No Doubts He\'ll Be A Free Man Again After Nephew\'s Conviction Overturned : "I’m 1,000 percent confident that I’ll be free. ” Their biggest concern was whether they could get a high enough price. The consequences will be felt both in China and around the world. But on a monthly basis, they actually rose 0.2 per cent, led by metals prices, thanks to continuing infrastructure and property investment. To be sure, inflation is always a double-edged sword. But at least it no longer appears an imminent sink hole either. August has so far been notable for yet another set of bizarre market signals. PRIVATE RESEARCH - NOT YET AVAILABLE ]That represents almost half of all western debt. The offenders will be subject to fines and up to three years of imprisonment and those who committed it unintentionally will be fined or detained. The Warsaw Ghetto, pictured during World War II. Making people aware the death camps were Nazi in origin is necessary. " CNN\'s Carol Jordan and Artur Osinski contributed to this report. Traders frequently lament the failed punt that becomes a long-term investment. China Evergrande might, then, be celebrating. Evergrande says that its holding is purely an investment.', '2016-08-18': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: Without Donald Trump, Republicans Might Have An Edge In The Polls : The Republican nominee should be polling better this year according to election forecasts. We\'re drawing pretty much equally from both sides," he told CNN\'s Don Lemon on "CNN Tonight." " I see that going all the way to the election." On Wednesday, CNN hosted a town hall with Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein and her running mate, Ajamu Baraka. I think maybe six weeks from now you\'ll be talking about, is voting for Trump a wasted vote? Louisiana Kid Shares Sweet Moment With Police In Midst Of Devastation : This viral moment offers small beacon of hope in the midst of loss. This would allow bigger cuts in rates during recessions. Shanghai’s exchange has a far higher presence of stodgy state-owned enterprises  less than one-third of the index consists of privately established companies. It has not been a great week for China bulls. @ In many cases, management changes can make a big difference to a bank’s results. But at least the worst possible outcome is no longer a given. The high politics of his premiership has aged gracefully. @ He established the fundaments of the Northern Ireland peace accord. Even the Olympic swimming pool has become disputed water. Yet, after decades of neglect, Indian cities are struggling to cope. Indian cities fare poorly on liveability indices.', '2016-08-19': 'Bloated Pay Came Before Hain’s Error : Investors were stunned when Hain said it had an accounting problem, but clues to oversight problems had been evident for a while in the company’s excessive executive pay. For Some on Health Exchanges, Only One Plan to Choose : Plan failures and the recent decision by some of the largest companies to exit markets are leaving large areas of the country with functional monopolies. Right now, Republican and Democratic strategists are gearing up for the 2016 US election campaign. To my mind, the answer is both “yes” and “no”. He noted that revenue growth for Lenovo’s mobile business unit exceeded volume growth, driving the average selling price of its smartphones up 25 per cent year-on-year. Watch out Facebook, Tencent is following you. Its other businesses, however, show the most promise. The potential in advertising as well as marketing fees is substantial. No subsidy or direct call on the taxpayer is involved. Even under such conditions the West balked at providing new capital. @ The MDBs are talking the talk but not walking the walk. If China takes the lead, such action will pressure the West to follow. Then I took a slow boat through four Great Lakes.', '2016-08-20': 'As Ridership Increases, Disruptions to PATH Service Cut Deep : Weekend work on the PATH rail system between northern New Jersey and Midtown Manhattan has been a major inconvenience for those who rely on the line. Fitch cuts Turkey rating outlook to negative in wake of failed coup attempt : Ratings agency Fitch affirmed its sovereign rating on Turkey at  \'BBB-\', the lowest investment grade, on Friday but lowered its outlook to negative from stable in a review after last  month\'s attempted military coup. " Political uncertainty is expected to impact economic performance  and poses risks to economic policy," it added. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Technology and materials companies made small gains. The Nasdaq rose for the eighth week in a row, although the gain was just 0.1 percent. Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist for Voya Investment Strategies, says investors recognize that the Federal Reserve and other central banks are keeping the stock market stable. Investors "don\'t need the utilities and telecoms anymore." Benchmark crude oil rose 30 cents to $48.52 a barrel in New York. Its stock rose $1.96, or 7.1 percent, to $29.64. The dollar also recovered some of its recent losses and rose to 100.12 yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Hurricane Katrina Survivors Relive Familiar Nightmare In Baton Rouge : The recent flooding in southern Louisiana has brought back horrific memories for some residents.', '2016-08-21': "In one of his last interviews before he was detained by Chinese police, Meng Han appeared relaxed as he talked about his work as a labour activist. @ “ Our most important work is to help factory workers organise themselves so they can defend their rights,” he told the Financial Times last year. “ But as long as the workers don’t go to extremes, it will stay neutral.” @ At the beginning of 2015, Mr Meng could feel reasonably confident that he inhabited, in the context of China’s rapidly evolving civil society, a relatively safe sphere. Labour activists, rights lawyers and academics believed that, so long as they did not challenge the ruling Communist party, they could operate without fear of official retribution. Efforts on Criminal Justice Reforms Stall in a Liberal Capital: New York : As lawmakers in other states work to reduce prison populations and reform police practices, interest in such efforts has lagged in Albany and at City Hall. Iraq Hangs 36 People Convicted Of Mass Killing : It's the highest number of militants executed in one day by the Iraqi government since ISIS seized territory in the country. Republicans Set To Lose Senate Control : Democrats have a 78 percent chance of getting 50-plus seats in November, the HuffPost Senate model shows.", '2016-08-22': 'Bay Area Start-Up Spillover : After struggling with high salaries and soaring housing costs, some Silicon Valley tech companies expanded outward to areas where they could grow quickly and make jobs more appealing. Why are India\'s farmers killing themselves? - Follow him on Snapchat, Facebook and email. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his. ( But these last three years, it\'s gotten worse. " It\'s a crime scene that likely has all of our fingerprints on it. " We\'re too hesitant to connect these dots. While that language is strong, I have to agree. Or they\'re passed on to the world\'s poorest people. Crop yields that are one-fifth of normal. Social mediaFollow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. " Our actions affect those living thousands of miles away. But political polarization and economic and security concerns linger. Should You Charge Your Phone Overnight? : The task for Washington and Brussels, therefore, is to rebuild trust. Numerous companies have maintained their dividend payments through borrowing. With prices falling again that looks unsustainable.', '2016-08-23': 'The North Carolina Republican Party’s Attacks Against State Senate Candidate Andrew Barnhill Are Immature, Unethical And Scandalous : Obviously,\xa0political attack ads can be inaccurate. Sad New Poll Shows Trump And Clinton Basically Tied In Missouri : The Show Me State went to Republican candidates in the last four presidential elections. What this new geography tells us about justice in America. An intensifying shareholder dispute at\xa0China Vanke\xa0has shaken investor confidence in the property developer, cut its access to bank lending and upended projects during the first half of the year, the group said. @ Takeover battles are bad for your health. Growth prospects, however, have been hurt — yet the disruption may ultimately prove good for minority shareholders. @ It owns a quarter of the company, ahead of state-owned enterprise\xa0China Resources\xa0Holding. On the bright side, Vanke’s finances are sound. But the market never took off for a variety of reasons. @ For one thing, in 2010 there were almost no defaults. In addition, many more companies are being downgraded. However, not all the details have been hammered out and issues remain. @ As the cost of insurance increases, it then causes both the price of the debt and the stock to go down, triggering a death spiral. @ Trading will take place in Shanghai and likely involve the Shanghai clearing house.', '2016-08-24': 'Big Soda Spends Millions On \'Unethical\' San Francisco Area Ads Fighting Drink Taxes : The beverage industry is vastly outspending those who support taxes on sugary drinks. Islamophobia And Radicalized Perceptions : The current no-holds-barred U.S. presidential election has placed Islam and Muslims on the center stage of a nasty campaignKurds Sign Truce With Syrian Government in Northeast, Portending a Shift : A cease-fire with the Syrian government puts Kurdish militias much closer to control of Hasaka Province, which would be the third lost by President Bashar al-Assad. Mr Kim, who was named president of the bank in 2012, has been a controversial figure among staff after pushing through an aggressive restructuring of the bank. @ Three leaders meet on an aircraft carrier to declaim that Europe will stay strong. In large part these problems do not require “more Europe”. That, in turn, threatens the health of democracy on both sides of the Atlantic. @ The crises in the Republican and Labour parties are strikingly similar. Life expectancyUkraine is showing steady improvement in one area: life expectancy. We weren\'t an independent country before. We had a pro-Russian government, a pro-Russian president," he said. " " CNN\'s Dominique van Heerden and Phil Black in Ukraine contributed to this report.', '2016-08-25': ': \xa0 United States markets closed lower on Wednesday, led by declines in mining and materials companies, giving back a modest increase from the day before. But they fell back Wednesday on news of rising inventories. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart 5-Year Treasury Notes: High Yields at Auction. ( The passengers, travelling either in a specially configured Renault Zoe or Mitsubishi i-MiEV electric vehicle, will be accompanied by one of the company’s engineers, who can take control of the vehicle if necessary. But while the move will help ease nagging questions over conflict of interest, it does not go far enough. @ More recently, Valeant, the Canadian pharma group, has lost nearly $80bn of its value over accounting concerns. @ It’s like the emperor’s new clothes  the vast majority of these will not be able to go on.” @ In Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe announces yet another fiscal stimulus. As a result, the youth jobless rate will edge up from 12.9 per cent in 2015 to 13.1 per cent, close to its peak of 13.2 per cent in 2013. @ For decades, astronomers have searched the skies for planets in our galaxy similar to Earth that could be home to extraterrestrial life. @ A definitive ruling is expected next month. But fear of a Trump presidency can heal those wounds.', '2016-08-26': 'A Year Later, Father Of Slain Reporter Calls Out \'Treasonous GOP\' For Inaction On Gun Violence : "The NRA still controls too many politicians. There is no new meaningful common-sense gun legislation. " Ferguson’s \'Debtors Prison’ Racket Has Been Reined In. With the new opportunity came a higher salary and a chance for professional development. @ What Mr Pileggi did not realise was that, in signing a contract with the third-party staffing agency that secured him the job, he had agreed to a “non-compete clause” that would effectively prevent him from taking any other software development work on the island. A growing number of Japanese people seem taken with the notion that they should try crafting their own constitution. Does it threaten not only the profits of financial intermediaries but also their business models? Harnessing technology to improve productivity. @ And while there is a great deal of hype surrounding the technology, there are also several misconceptions. The company eventually went public three months later. Yet follow the money trail and the mood is more nuanced. There is some explanation for the contrasting pictures. But the Fed is not expected to act before December.', '2016-08-27': "Wisconsin Gets To Enforce Restrictive Voter ID Law, With One Big Twist : An appeals court rejected a softening device that would've made it easier for people without a voter card. U.S. And Russia Fail To Close Deal On Ending Violence In Syria : “We don’t want to have a deal for the sake of the deal. ” Legal Trouble  for Da Silva,  Ex-President  of Brazil : The move by the Federal Police, an investigative force similar to the F.B.I., deals a new blow to Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and his once-dominant Workers’ Party. Does The Democratic Party Have A Progressive Platform -- And Does It Matter? : Although Sanders forces didn’t obtain all they wanted in their negotiations with the Clinton campaign, they did secure an avant-garde platform.", '2016-08-28': 'Plane Rides and Presidential Transparency : Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump have not allowed the press corps to travel with them on their campaign airplanes, suspending a tradition that had lasted more than 50 years. Chris Christie: Trump\'s Waffling On His Signature Issue Shows He\'s Presidential : Trump\'s allies are having a hard time explaining whether or not he wants to deport everyone. For Presidential Candidates, 70 Is The New 45 : While we don\'t have all of their data, it\'s fair to say that they are both mentally sharper than the "average" person with their chronological age, and from a health perspective, likely fit to be president. The \'Race To The Bottom\' Has Only One Runner : The meme of both sides dragging the presidential campaign to new lows has taken hold across the media. This palpably absurd argument was being stated as the sad truth across the Sunday shows this morning. What the Mylan Epipen Scandal Tells Us About American Capitalism : The fact that this sordid practice of manipulating the patent laws to fleece people with allergies has any legal bearing at all only serves to further de-legitimize the "establishments" of both major political parties, the Congress and all the other governing and regulatory institutions.', '2016-08-29': 'Sweden’s\xa0Handelsbanken\xa0is an exemplar of prudence, barely touched by the 2008 financial crisis. There is a large Kurdish presence in a semiautonomous region of northern Iraq. Both Van and Hakkari are in Turkey\'s southeast. Turkey since hammered targets around the town with artillery strikes. The currency’s resilience, however, is unlikely to last. In particular, the amount of offshore renminbi deposits, having peaked last year when the currency was devalued, has continued to shrink this year despite the exchange rate becoming more stable again. Throughout the developed world, productivity growth has been remarkably weak. Admittedly, some countries have done better than others. Yet even the “successes” are failures judged by their own history. She has refused to confirm whether she will stand again. The central banks have pushed rates to historically low levels. Central bankers profess to regard this pessimism as overstated. The debt already is large by historical standards. Such spending would be "helpful," he said, in the understated language of a central banker.) Photograph Janet Yellen, Center, Chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, with the Vice Chairman, Stanley Fischer, Left, and William Dudley, President of the New York Fed, in Wyoming On Friday. ( Photograph by Brennan Linsley/Associated Press) (B3)', '2016-08-30': "Mayor Asks Tech Firms: Please Leave : There’s a back story to the spotty cell reception in the heart of Silicon Valley: the city’s very mixed feelings about the influx of tech companies. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index climbed 11.34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,180.38. Banks are still one of the worst-performing sectors in the market this year. The London Stock Exchange was closed for a summer bank holiday. United States government bond prices rose. Precious and industrial metals futures closed mostly higher. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( But in a later Twitter message, he seemed to have regained his spirit of defiance. The region is controlled by the United Wa State party, which has an armed wing and has long had close political and economic ties with China. The World Bank is set to make net savings that are half the size of a much-touted $400m target as administrative costs rise on a surge in lending, despite a contentious reorganisation pushed through by Jim Yong Kim, its president. @ In years past, they were under pressure to produce higher numbers every year, even if they were producing uneconomically. Now that pressure is gone,” said Laban Yu, head of Asian energy research with Jefferies. Photos published by Kyrgyz media showed the windows of the embassy had been shattered and debris littered the compound.", '2016-08-31': 'F.D.A. Toughens Warning on Painkiller-Sedative Mix : The move was part of a broader effort by the federal government to reduce deaths from drug overdoses, now more numerous than car crashes in the United States. U.S. Funding for Zika Fight Nearly Gone, C.D.C. Says : While keeping a close eye on Florida, the agency said there would be no money to fight a new outbreak if Congress does not allocate more soon. Former Mexican President Vicente Fox Slams President Enrique Peña Nieto For Meeting Trump : "If he’s gone soft on Trump, it will hurt him greatly. He will even be considered like a traitor. " Facebook Group Raises Over $100,000 To Give Refugees Cell Phone Credit : Displaced people need food and shelter on their journeys ― but they also need to stay connected. Joe Arpaio: \'What Difference Does It Make\' Who Pays For Trump\'s Border Wall? : The Commission’s actions could threaten to undermine foreign investment, the business climate in Europe, and the important spirit of economic partnership between the US and the EU,” it said. @ The ruling prompted an angry response from members of Congress. There was something distinctly presidential about Angela Merkel’s European travels last week. Ms Merkel’s emergence as the de facto leader of the EU is controversial. And some kind of leadership is badly needed because the union faces at least six acute and interconnected problems.', '2016-09-01': 'Trump’s Fiery Immigration Speech Draws Backlash : Some of Mr. Trump’s top Hispanic Republican supporters denounced his reversal after signaling a more conciliatory approach to illegal immigrants less than two weeks ago.$143 Million in August for Clinton and Party : August was Mrs. Clinton’s most successful fund-raising month so far, and the haul lays the groundwork for a substantial investment in swing states before the election. A survey of private employers showed that hiring continued at a solid pace in August. The company recently sold its bank business, which reduced revenue. Gasoline stockpiles shrank, but not as much as investors had hoped. BONDS AND CURRENCIES Bond prices were little changed. The dollar rose to 103.44 yen from 102.97 yen. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( I had high hopes of the Federal Reserve’s annual Jackson Hole conference. The conference was billed as a forum that would look at new approaches to the conduct of monetary policy — something I have been urging as necessary given secular stagnation risks and the sharp decline in the apparent neutral rate of interest. Such numbers have an importance that extends beyond the countries themselves.', '2016-09-02': 'London’s lead in the global currencies-trading business is being eroded, with the rise of the renminbi as the world’s most heavily-traded emerging market currency tilting volumes towards Asia. @ New York retained its second place with a slight increase to 19 per cent. Investors are increasingly disillusioned with extreme monetary policies, the pace of economic growth and the performance of equities in developed markets. @ The most dramatic example is Japan’s Topix index, which is down over 15 per cent this year. @ Elon Musk’s bid to transform the business of space launch suffered a severe setback yesterday when a\xa0SpaceX\xa0pilotless Falcon 9 rocket and a satellite were destroyed in an explosion on a launch pad in Florida. @ There is definitely a hard edge to the relationship with Vietnam,” said Ajai Shukla, a retired Indian army colonel and defence analyst. “ We will start testing our autonomous driving technologies on public roads very soon in California,” he said. “ HUFFPOLLSTER: Republican Senate Candidates Are Polling Better Than Donald Trump : But whether voters will split their tickets between presidential and senate races remains an open question. Now, with the possibility of a re-election fight looming, they are beginning to wonder if they should stick with him.', '2016-09-03': 'The Election Of A So-Called Moderate President Of The Theocratic State Has Only Resulted To \u200eAn Increase In The Number Of Executions Carried Out Against Iranian : The recent news of Dr. Homa Hoodfar\'s hospitalization after being in solitary confinement in \u200eprison has once again shaken our community\'s beliefs in international human rights and \u200ejustice. Then he went to Phoenix, and Mr. Hyde came back out. But while Rajoy was thinking of Friday\'s vote, his opponents were already considering future negotiations to form a government before new elections are called. Sanchez might have to change his mind after all. But against Trump maybe it will be enough." The August estimate is subject to two more revisions. That churning is pulling the average wage down." AuthorAffiliation PATRICIA COHEN Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter:@PatcohenNYT Credit: PATRICIA COHEN; Alan Rappeport contributed to this article. Photograph Workers at 3 World Trade Center in New York. Wages Have Been Slow to Climb in the Recovery. HOME SWEET HOME Household goods makers traded higher. Shares of Colgate-Palmolive, which makes toothpastes, soaps and pet foods, rose 0.8 percent. He downgraded Carnival shares to underweight. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.: The new numbers fit that story precisely. The status quo in this case is pretty solid. It could be an aberration and isn\'t a big deal on its own. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.', '2016-09-04': 'Party, if Not Britain, Is Poised to Re-elect Corbyn : The party is expected to re-elect Mr. Corbyn this month despite opposition from its legislators and polls suggesting it will lose badly to the governing Conservatives. U.S. Urges Truce in Syria Despite a Stall in Policy : The Obama administration is engaged in an increasingly desperate effort to broker a deal with Russia for a cease-fire that would halt bombing on Aleppo. Theresa May Breaks With Brexiteers Over Immigration Proposals : May also declined to commit to Leave campaign promises to increase healthcare spending. Merkel\'s Party Beaten By Anti-Immigrant AfD In German State Election : Exit polls show a stinging defeat for the German leader\'s party. British Prime Minister Says Brexit Will Wound U.K. Economy : "I won\'t pretend it\'s going to be all plain sailing," May said. This Labor Day, Let\'s Boost Opportunity In Every Zip Code : Labor Day is no picnic for millions of Americans who have never had a shot at a good job, or a meaningful chance at success. For far too many Americans, the dignity of work remains out of reach. Chronic opportunity gaps -- all too frequently concentrated in communities of color -- trap too many people in cycles of poverty and violence. DAPL Pipeline Interests Try Outrageous Fait Accompli and Destroy Ancient Sites : The regulatory process remains incomplete, numerous lawsuits have been filed against DAPL and the corps, and significant public controversy surrounds the project.', '2016-09-05': 'When Li Keqiang met the press for the first time as Chinese premier in 2013, he compared reducing government power to “cutting one’s own wrist”. Most intellectuals would prefer to\xa0maintain the status quo. He identifies South Asia, the Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and parts of eastern Europe as relatively attractive emerging markets. @ Although this issue has been well-flagged, disquiet over its size and sustainability is deepening. More worrying than China’s debt mountain is its shaky internal structure. This is an issue we can’t afford to ignore.” @ She admitted that "many people do not have our confidence regarding the refugee question." Perhaps today is the beginning of the end of the chancellorship of Angela Merkel. ” Then again, China’s is not a typical real estate market. @ The divorce office in Shanghai’s Xuhui district was overwhelmed with happily married couples on Monday. The Shanghai government has denied that it is considering new mortgage restrictions. @ For top cities, whatever you do, the price goes up. On the contrary, they create more volatility.” @ A flood of new credit early in 2016 was key to the housing price rally. Following 13 straight months of annual declines, price growth turned positive in October 2015. The reality, American officials say, is both simpler and more complicated. The Giant Panda Is No Longer Listed As Endangered : After decades of conservation efforts, the bears\' future looks a little brighter.', '2016-09-06': 'Baseball Icon David Ortiz Slams Trump For Anti-Mexican Attacks : They\'re a "slap in the face" to all immigrants, Big Papi says. what the conditions will be over three or four years,” Mr Schweitzer said. REDWOOD CITY, Calif. -- Swell-looking home you\'ve got here. But we didn\'t have to list it, didn\'t have to do open houses, didn\'t have to stage it." Technology is also fueling this boom in a more direct way. I live between an Apple person and a Google person. Her clients might have a particular neighborhood in mind, and perhaps a certain layout or yard size. People here look at their homes more as an investment. You would never guess it from the US election. People are right to worry their children may not have it as good as they did. Most of us encounter life through our day-to-day problems. Each failed to get the 60 votes needed to advance. I just think that\'s an unsustainable position. " CNN\'s Rene Marsh contributed to this report.', '2016-09-07': 'Chicago Mayor’s Plan to Toughen Oversight of the Police Is Under Fire : Some activists say that Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s plan lacks teeth and that more must be done to guarantee that two new oversight agencies are given enough money and influence. They bear the responsibility of the consequences of things that they could avoid. " Read MoreEcuador\'s Ministry of Foreign Affairs had no comment when contacted by CNN. Assange had turned himself in to London authorities on December 7 and was released on bail and put on house arrest on December 16. The hearing was then postponed due to translation difficulties. " Hide Caption 23 of 23Time running out for prosecutors? Energy companies led Wall Street stocks upward on Tuesday as investors bet on higher oil prices and bigger profits. Oil prices did not change much for the day. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Total reserves fell to US$3.185tn in August, according to the People’s Bank of China, down 0.5 per cent from July’s figure and within the range of change established by recent fluctuations. @ Retail spending and house prices have held up. As a result, Chinese capital is flooding global markets. @ Top This  : The architects at WORKac were tasked with designing a penthouse that couldn’t be seen from the street. They succeeded, which is a shame: It’s pretty cool.', '2016-09-08': "China’s dollar-denominated export contraction softened further in August as imports returned to growth for the first time since 2014. @ So I will focus here on trade and capital flows. The evidence in these areas seems quite clear. But few universally applicable solutions were offered. Is America’s election vulnerable to hackers? Russia has a record of carrying out black operations in other western democracies. President Vladimir Putin could hardly ask for more. Most are from colleges where banks do not typically recruit. Trump Faulted for His Notions  About Assaults : In defending his suggestion that the integration of women led to assaults, Mr. Trump exposed a faulty understanding of a complex issue and of the military justice system. A Syrian man carries a wounded child in eastern Aleppo on August 27, 2016. Its robust history and ancient architecture drew many tourists. In Syria, it's an estimated quarter-million. The child wasn't breathing as he emerged from the womb, but doctors quickly got his lungs working. They hope this fight will have a happier outcome.: Traders bid up shares in energy, technology and airline companies. The findings represent a slowdown from previous reports. Nintendo had previously resisted releasing Mario games to mobile phones. Major stock indexes in Europe recorded gains. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held steady at 1.54 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. (", '2016-09-09': "Struck Deal With Deleter of Emails : Republicans have called for the department to investigate the deletions, but the deal with the specialist, Paul Combetta, makes it unlikely that the request will go far. This is too much fuss over just another policy instrument. This was wishful thinking, based on a couple of decades of atypical US experience. If anything they will suffer the direct costs. Where there are institutions, there are political interests. Of course, official statements are constrained in how much they can acknowledge politics. For now, we continue to believe the referendum will pass (with  60 percent confidence). But this means there's a non-negligible  risk it will not. California Takes An Unprecedented Stand Against Climate Change : The state is extending its ambitious goals for slashing greenhouse gas emissions. Has The Media Become Comfortably Numb To Donald Trump? : The train was traveling to Oporto in Portugal. The train was found to be approaching a curve at more than twice the speed limit. Europe has been hit by a number of train crashes in recent months.", '2016-09-10': "While the country does not want war, it cultivates a permanent risk of one — and prepares to stave off defeat, should war happen, potentially with nuclear weapons. Giuliani Role Risks Legacy to Aid Trump : A Trump victory could open the door for a return to public office for Mr. Giuliani. A loss, however, could be a last act for “America’s Mayor. ” Samsung, U.S.: Stop Using Galaxy 7 Note Phones Over Fire Risk : The company issued a massive recall after reports of the phones' batteries igniting in flame. Breakthrough Syria Peace Deal Raises Doubts As Fighting Continues : Hours after the deal was reached, Syria’s army reportedly attacked rebel-held areas in Aleppo. North Korea's Nuclear Capabilities 'Speeding Up,' Warns South : South Korean President Park Geun-hye said North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is “mentally out of control. ” Three months later, he was a police chief in Kansas. Here's When You Should Enroll In Medicare : Confusion about when to enroll in Medicare for people turning 65 can have costly consequences.", '2016-09-11': 'Putin\'s View Of Trump: A Pushover, A Weaker Version Of Neville Chamberlain : The latest joke in our absurd presidential campaign is that Russian President Vladimir Putin sees Donald Trump as a strong leader. This is causing belly-laughs in the Kremlin.: The beauty of that is largely in the eye of the beholder, and is certainly lost on Mr. Putin\'s Russian opponents. " Winning Russian Hearts Abroad With the economy on the ropes, the Kremlin has turned increasingly to foreign affairs to keep Mr. Putin\'s popularity at levels that would delight any Western leader. Effectively barred from publishing in Russia, she lives mostly in France. Maybe not 86 percent, but definitely more than 50 percent," she continued. " I really don\'t know about democracy anymore." But the authorities are taking no chances. Credit: ANDREW HIGGINS; Sophia Kishkovsky contributed reporting. Photograph President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia in Southern Siberia in 2009, Above, and in 2013. He has Projected an Image of Power for Himself and His Country. ( Clinton Falls Ill at a 9/11 Tribute; Pneumonia Cited : The incident, which occurred after months of questions about Mrs. Clinton’s health from Republicans, is likely to increase pressure on her to address the issue. Americans Are Divided On The Best Way To Keep The Country Safe : Concerns about terrorism have risen over the past few years.', '2016-09-12': 'Clinton Cancels Campaign Trip To California After Pneumonia Diagnosis : NEW YORK (Reuters) - Hillary Clinton canceled a trip she was scheduled to take to California on Monday for fundraising andTrump Doubles Down On Personal Attack Against The Federal Reserve : Fed Chair Janet Yellen should be "ashamed" for keeping interest rates low, the real estate mogul argued. Europe\'s migrant crisis featured heavily in the campaign period. Christiane Amanpour on Clinton - CNNPolitics : Amanpour on Clinton health: \'Can\'t a girl have a sick day?\' : ( CNN)"Can\'t a girl have a sick day or two?" No, like so many things Hillary the media are having a field day. Off to the races with another debilitating case of indignant outrage. And he oversaw the fall of the Soviet Union and even won the first Gulf War." If the boys can do it, why not the women. It\'s hard to convince them what it looked like before." They do not gain citizenship by doing so. ( They can apply for full citizenship after five years.) Photograph Redevelopment Is Stalled in Newport, Vt., Above, After a Fraud Case Involving the Use of Foreign Investors\' Money. There are many forms of cancer,” he said. Reagan lived another 19 years, dying in 2004 at the age of 93. @ Harold Bornstein, Donald Trump’s doctor, has been less authoritative. As a result, Chengdu finds itself in the right place at the right time.', '2016-09-13': "Trump Unveils Plan to Expand Aid to Parents : Mr. Trump’s call for six weeks of mandatory paid maternity leave and expanded tax credits for child care is another attempt to court elusive support from women. Average Americans Just Got a Huge Income Boost : Also poverty is down and more people have insurance. But it’s a different story for the rich, whose gains are accelerating. Plight Of Stateless Child Shines Light On Cuba And South Africa's Citizenship Dispute : The little girl was finally granted South African citizenship this week. The incident comes as polls show a tightening race between the Democratic candidate and Donald Trump, whom she leads by only three points in head-to-head polls, according to an average compiled by RealClearPolitics. I don’t have much hope for the rest of this year, or next. ” That Europe, and especially the eurozone, has not been doing well since the 2008 crisis is beyond dispute. The single currency was supposed to bring prosperity and enhance European solidarity. To answer the question about what is to be done, one has to answer another: what went wrong. Put simply, the euro was flawed at birth. With countries borrowing in a currency not under their remit, and with no easy mechanism for controlling trade deficits, crises too were predictable. What they are doing is, you know, I believe it is a false market because money is essentially free. ”", '2016-09-14': 'Prosecution in Upstate Murder Case Admits a Lapse : Oral Nicholas Hillary was denied a mistrial over a prosecutor’s failure to disclose that a witness saw a different man in the building where Garrett Phillips was killed. Workplace Health Insurance Premiums Finally Stopped Skyrocketing. But in cycle after cycle, turnout remains dismal. Breaking Glass Ceilings in Japan’s Political Circles : The election of Renho Murata as head of the Democratic Party would be a step toward gender equality in a country that has lagged in promoting women. But the losses weren\'t even the worst in the region. So that\'s something that kind of erodes from the first. The Medical Research Council helped fund the research. They took refuge in the east of the country. I am not going to stand here today and tell you that everything is now fine. I have witnessed several decades of EU integration," he said. And what we are is democratic societies, plural societies, open and tolerant. CNN\'s Stephanie Halasz and Elizabeth Roberts contributed to this report. I can’t believe it’s helpful,” he said. “ The 2016 US presidential election continues to surprise and confuse.', '2016-09-15': 'Jay Z Calls The War On Drugs An \'Epic Fail\' That Targets Black Americans : "Kids at dorms in Columbia, where rates of marijuana use are equal to or worse than those in the hood, are never targeted or ticketed. " Apple Says Initial Quantities Of iPhone 7 Plus Sold Out Globally : Supplies of the larger size of Apple’s new phone have been exhausted in all shades, and the smaller iPhone 7 has also sold out in the new jet black color.: United States markets wavered toward the end of the day on Wednesday, and closed slightly lower. A day ago, it rose to 1.73 percent, the highest point in almost three months. The fall in bond yields helped high-dividend utility companies, which became more appealing to investors seeking income. Bayer\'s latest offer is worth about $57 billion in cash. The automaker said it expected results to start improving in 2018. The Shanghai composite index fell 0.7 percent in China. South Korean markets were closed for a national holiday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Both plans pale in comparison with what other nations do. This is the inside story of what went wrong. But the people in charge kept theirs, along with their bonuses.', '2016-09-16': 'If Clinton Wins, Can She Negotiate Deal With Congress To Fix Ports And Boost Economy? : Hillary Clinton: My Pneumonia \'Finally Got Some Republicans Interested In Women’s Health!\' : Pushing through illness, she said, "is what women do every single day. " Thanks To Technology, You Might Soon Know Where Your Seafood Actually Comes From : Better traceability in a notoriously opaque seafood industry could save our oceans, experts say. Stocks on Wall Street changed course again on Thursday and climbed as Apple led a big gain for technology companies and energy companies recovered some of their recent losses. Health care and phone company stocks also climbed. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 177.71 points, or 1 percent, to 18,212.48. It fell almost 6 percent in the last two days. Investors pored over a series of economic reports. The Labor Department said producer prices fell in August as gas and food prices declined. Lower producer prices reduce inflation, and the Fed has said it wants to see evidence that inflation is edging upward before it raises rates. Inflation has remained consistently low in recent years. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (', '2016-09-17': 'U.S.-Led Airstrikes Kill Dozens Of Syrian Soldiers : The U.S. says it halted airstrikes against suspected ISIS targets after Russia warned that Syrian soldiers may have been hit. Blemishes Already Mar an Election the Kremlin Says Should Be Spotless : The campaign in Togliatti, long a bastion of opposition to the dominant United Russia Party, illustrates the gap between the promise of fair elections on Sunday and the reality. Refugees: A global challenge, and a global opportunity : Only a concerted international approach guided by the principles of solidarity, human rights and respect can deliver a durable solution  Failure to rise to the challenge will only exacerbate the plethora of refugee crises the world faces today which in turn will further worsen global stability. A Sour Surprise for Public Pensions : The plight of a tiny local retirement fund in California shows how some public pension plans are far less funded than their official numbers suggest. U.S.-Led Airstrikes Kill Dozens Of Syrian Soldiers : The U.S. says it halted airstrikes against suspected ISIS targets after Russia warned that Syrian soldiers may have been hit.', '2016-09-18': "China’s “national team” reduced its stock holdings dramatically in the first half of 2016 without derailing a market rally, defying predictions that withdrawal of government support would spark a resumption of last summer’s crash. @ In early July 2015, with the Shanghai and Shenzhen equity markets in freefall following a year-long run-up, Chinese regulators deployed a coalition of state-owned financial institutions known collectively as the “national team”. @ In value terms, the team’s holdings fell Rmb345bn ($52bn) to Rmb2.76tn — a decline of 11.5 per cent. Today, we are living through a comparable growth spurt on the other side of the Atlantic. The only question is whether the barriers will do more harm than good to those protected by them. @ History is littered with examples of walls built with a defensive, embattled mindset that failed in their primary purpose. Next time they saw him kiss a baby or do anything at all, they would think: how dark. @ This amounted to a longish pause, and an intake of breath. Very slowly he said: “It’s my policy not to speak about any campaign that’s ongoing. ” She has, though, announced a plan for new rules governing foreign investment in critical infrastructure. The impact of these on the nuclear programme is uncertain. If sufficiently stringent they could yet put the Hinkley project in doubt. @ Obama: Low Turnout By Black Voters Would Be 'A Personal Insult' : 'You want to give me a good send-off? '", '2016-09-19': 'Trump’s Charity Missed a Step on State Rules : Some 40 states require registration by charities raising money within their borders. The US-Russia deal to bring peace to Syria appeared to be hanging by a thread at the weekend after Moscow denounced an American air strike that killed dozens of Syrian soldiers. @ But the economy did not follow that script. There is still no sign of stronger inflation. As a result, they are no longer in as much of a hurry to get started. She has offered relatively little insight into her own views. Mistiming a rate increase has consequences. Global interest rates are in a historic swoon. What damage is done if the Fed does nothing? Low rates are intended to encourage financial speculation. But too much risk-taking is not a good thing. And the longer rates stay low, the greater the risks. But a distinct set of people, chiefly the lower middle classes of developed economies, has fared far less well. I and the CDU cannot represent this course." The ceiling will work and it is consistent with the constitution. Those elected on party tickets are elected from the candidate lists which are presented by the parties taking part in the polls. She was so upset that she left the classroom. @ Wages in Chengdu are significantly lower than in cities in eastern China. Demand for local labour is nonetheless holding up.', '2016-09-20': 'Angela Merkel admitted yesterday that she would turn back the clock on her refugee policy if she could after her Christian Democrat party suffered a historic defeat in Berlin regional elections. @ The government has been on the right track with its policies for some time now. The chancellor seems now to have accepted this.” @ Results are published in the journal Scientific Reports. @ “ And all of this has happened despite increasing inequality within China. Stocks on Wall Street wobbled and finished mostly lower Monday as investors waited for central bank meetings in the United States and Japan. Banks, utility companies and machinery makers rose. The dollar fell to 101.81 yen from 102.42 yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Watch Anderson Cooper 360 and CNN.com for reports throughout the week. A United Cigars shop on one side of the street, a Western Union sign on the other. No matter what you wanted or needed, you could buy it in Welch. Hopefully we can get it turned around and hopefully we\'ll get some attention from Washington." -- We\'re conditioned that there\'s really nothing you can do about it. The ones that want to leave, the ones that can leave and want to leave leave. " Sometimes I come here at 8 a.m., I get out of here at 8 or 9 at night.', '2016-09-21': "North Carolina Pays a Price for Bigotry : It’s not too late for Gov. Pat McCrory to come to his senses and repeal the discriminatory law that has cost the state jobs and millions of dollars. Most officials said that they still expected to raise rates before the end of the year. Sweden wants to give you money for fixing things - CNN : Make do and mend? Sweden is hoping to change this with plans to grant tax breaks for repairs to footwear, clothes, leather goods, household textiles and bicycles -- giving people a financial incentive to make do and mend. Sales of organic food increase around 40% each year, and also of fair trade products. What they say to us is that they find it difficult -- they'd like to have an economic incentive. Another, vinyl bromide, has been classified as carcinogenic. Bolund is confident the measures will pass. Tesla denies its Autopilot was at fault. @ He was killed when his Tesla Model S hit a truck in Florida. @ Federal investigators subsequently met the father of Ahmad Khan Rahami, in 2014, only to hear him recant his claim, the reports said. But it turns out to be frustrating and unhelpful. Hillary Clinton Continues To Build Campaign Money Advantage Over Donald Trump : August was another good fundraising month for the Democratic candidate.", '2016-09-22': 'A heavily divided Federal Reserve left short-term interest rates unchanged yesterday but said the case for a rate increase had strengthened, in a strong signal that a move is likely before the end of the year. @ It left the target range for the federal funds rate at 0.25 per cent to 0.5 per cent. @ Technology has turned out to be one of the solutions. ” Many of them would love to live there but cannot afford to. There will be a few years’ grandfathering period. At its current pace it will take many years for rates to get back to levels before the financial crisis. The software maker Adobe Systems climbed after it raised its forecasts for the year. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( The economy keeps bubbling along without boiling over. " The economy has a little more room to run than might have previously been thought. They are unlikely to act on the eve of a presidential election that could have larger economic consequences. " We do not discuss politics at our meetings, and we do not take politics into account in our decisions." This is a very welcome development both for the individuals involved and for the nation as a whole."', '2016-09-23': 'Trump’s Law-and-Order Plan Is Seen as Falling on Minorities : Civil rights activists and national security veterans fear Mr. Trump’s plan could have the effect of treating minorities with suspicion and singling them out for scrutiny. The Brands Of Instant Coffee That Are Actually Worth Drinking : Instant coffee is a beautiful idea. The couple have every right to spend their fortune how they wish. The focus on medical research is also an excellent priority with global impact and high potential benefits. I was pretty confident about where I was born, I think most people were as well," he said. " Obama speaks at the museum\'s opening Friday. It fell to sixth  place from third, allowing Bank of America Merrill Lynch to move up into the top five. Coalition tracks Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP  Paribas, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs,  HSBC, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Societe Generale and UBS.Elite \'Bundlers\' Raise More Than $113 Million For Hillary Clinton : Big backers include Ben Affleck, George Lucas, Marissa Mayer and Sheryl Sandberg. CKI did not respond to requests for comment. @ Thus a persistent question over the next few years is likely to be: “Who’s next?” @ The joke was that power was not ranked in that order. @ There are spectacular but often inexplicable stock rallies and collapses. @ A full page in @nytimes today dedicated to a poem. One that everyone should read and reread.', '2016-09-24': 'Jeremy Corbyn wins UK\'s Labour Party leadership race - CNN : Jeremy Corbyn wins the UK Labour Party\'s leadership battle : Story highlightsJeremy Corbyn defeats challenger Owen Smith in Labour Party\'s leadership raceHis leftist views win grass-roots support, but Corbyn still alienates party establishmentLondon (CNN)Jeremy Corbyn has won a decisive victory as leader of Britain\'s opposition Labour Party after he fended off a challenge from Owen Smith in a nationwide membership vote. The results were announced Saturday in Liverpool, where the party is gathering for its annual conference. But no one should be celebrating this victory. The policies that Labour are offering will do nothing for people who want a government that will deliver for them. " He considers the NATO military alliance outdated and aggressive. JUST WATCHEDLabour Party leader under fire following Brexit voteReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHLabour Party leader under fire following Brexit vote 03:38In the past he had been anti-EU but changed tack to support the Remain campaign. Young people are looking for something new. CNN\'s Simon Cullen and Phil Black contributed to this report. This debacle happens after years of systematically inadequate funding policies. But his drive for renewed recognition as a superpower remains unfulfilled.', '2016-09-25': 'Jeremy Corbyn wins UK\'s Labour Party leadership race - CNN : Jeremy Corbyn wins the UK Labour Party\'s leadership battle : Story highlightsJeremy Corbyn defeats challenger Owen Smith in Labour Party\'s leadership raceHis leftist views win grass-roots support, but Corbyn still alienates party establishmentLondon (CNN)Jeremy Corbyn has won a decisive victory as leader of Britain\'s opposition Labour Party after he fended off a challenge from Owen Smith in a nationwide membership vote. The results were announced Saturday in Liverpool, where the party is gathering for its annual conference. But no one should be celebrating this victory. The policies that Labour are offering will do nothing for people who want a government that will deliver for them. " He considers the NATO military alliance outdated and aggressive. JUST WATCHEDLabour Party leader under fire following Brexit voteReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHLabour Party leader under fire following Brexit vote 03:38In the past he had been anti-EU but changed tack to support the Remain campaign. Young people are looking for something new. CNN\'s Simon Cullen and Phil Black contributed to this report. This debacle happens after years of systematically inadequate funding policies. But his drive for renewed recognition as a superpower remains unfulfilled.', '2016-09-26': 'Bush-Obama Rapport Recalls a Lost Virtue: Political Civility : The Bush and Obama families have a deep bond, thanks to the shared experience of life in the White House and George W. Bush’s decorum as an ex-president. Now, both have seen former close aides accused of misdeeds. Labour rights activists received lighter than expected sentences in trials in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong on Monday, as workers in the country’s manufacturing and export powerhouse contend with shifting political winds. @ They received suspended jail sentences of one to three years, meaning they are in effect free but on probation. The eight-tonne lab was launched in 2011 and decommissioned earlier this year. @ Crayhill Capital Management, a New York-based alternative credit fund, recently announced a $300m investment in a trade financing platform operated by Stenn International, a UK-based trade financing provider. Stenn purchases trade receivables from suppliers in China and Southeast Asia who export consumer goods such as apparel, toys and electronics to big western retailers. The focus is on small- and medium-sized enterprises. We haven’t seen anything like this,” Mr Mook told ABC News on Sunday. “ We normally go into a debate with two candidates who have a depth of experience, who have rolled out clear, concrete plans, and who don’t lie, frankly, as frequently as Donald Trump does. ”', '2016-09-27': 'Decline in Oil Prices Lands on Government Workers as Saudi Arabia Cuts Paychecks : The reductions affect a wide range of government employees, from ministers, whose pay was cut by 20 percent, to civil servants, whose overtime pay and vacation time will face new limits. As the use of pepper spray is illegal in Denmark, the party used hair spray instead for their campaign. Yet too often, they find closed doors and prejudice. This is the latest, extreme example of that," she said in a statement to CNN. Read MoreDanskernes Parti leader Daniel Carlsen defended the controversial move. " In the short run we want to provide solutions to make life better and safer for the Danish people. HUFFPOLLSTER: Early Polls Suggest Clinton Had A Good Debate Night. Preliminary numbers put her ahead, but it\'s less clear what effect, if any, that will have on the campaign. The stock has fallen more than 50 per cent so far this year. @ And banks were hurt by a drop in bond yields. Stocks were coming off two weeks of solid gains. The Nasdaq set new highs twice last week. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2016-09-28': 'Under Pressure, Amnesty International Cancels Briefing on Torture in Thailand : The rights group had planned to present a report in Bangkok accusing the ruling junta, but the police said the group’s employees would breach Thai labor law. We Just Passed A Grim Carbon Dioxide Threshold, Possibly For Good : CO2 levels surpassed 400 ppm in September. Scientists say we won\'t see a month below that symbolic benchmark "ever again. " Mobility for the young, elderly and people with disabilities will increase dramatically. City streets will be narrowed, pavements widened. Central banks have been engaged in unprecedented monetary experimentation. Nor is it possible to reverse recent policies. The monetary stimulus provided repeatedly over the past eight years has failed to produce the expected expansion of aggregate demand. At the same time, easy money threatens two sets of undesirable side effects. Anyone watching the first presidential debate would be forgiven for thinking the US was on the brink of collapse. Violence was out of control and parts of the country were now in open warfare. @ Hillary Clinton’s language may have been rather less melodramatic. Their message to Americans was: “Be afraid. The rest of the world should take note. @', '2016-09-29': "Janet Yellen was forced to fend off new questions about the Federal Reserve’s independence yesterday sparked by donations from a Fed governor to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign. @ After more than four hours of talks in Algeria on Wednesday Opec committed itself to reducing output to between 32.5m barrels a day and 33m b/d, according to ministers. @ Now, a sudden policy shift is dividing families. Mars would require a six-month journey to  the planet, an 18-month stay and a six-month trip back. NASA has a stated goal for a manned Mars mission  in the 2030s. Researchers also are  testing cabbage and peppers. The surface gravity on Mars is about one-third of that on Earth, but that is not a major concern when it comes to growing plants. The plants recycle the astronaut's exhaled carbon  dioxide and also can use the excreted water. She recently published a space agriculture research paper  in Botany Letters with colleagues from France's  University Blaise Pascal. My hope is we'll be  able to do some of this robotically. Unreliable numbers leave central banks and finance ministries flying blind as they try to set economic policy. Germany's About To Bail Out Its Biggest Bank. The country's been imposing strict austerity measures on Greece.", '2016-09-30': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: Hillary Clinton Could Benefit From Motivating Unlikely Voters : She leads among those who say they aren\'t planning to vote. This would be the first step to building a larger fleet and ultimately establishing colonies on other planets. After a fusillade of excoriating and in many ways unprecedented attacks on the Federal Reserve by the Republican presidential candidate, Janet Yellen, the US central bank’s chair, finally hit back. @ Riyadh has not responded officially to the congressional vote. CBS and Viacom merged in 1999 and split up in 2006. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thurday. (: Nutanix offered 14.9 million shares, at $16 each, the company said in a news release late Thursday. Once that\'s done, each member state will go through its own ratification process. It will then become much harder for countries to back out of it. Together they account for 47.8% of global emissions, falling just over 7% short of the total needed. " We must and we can hand over to future generations a world that is more stable, a healthier planet, fairer societies and more prosperous economies. " This is a reality, and it is within our reach. Could climate change help Clinton with millennials?', '2016-10-01': "Is This The End Of The Trump Reality Show? : This has given Moscow an apparently unfair advantage in challenging America. Maybe Washington should reconsider its policy, they suggest.: Stocks on Wall Street climbed on Friday as banks made a rapid recovery from a steep fall the day before. Investors hoped Deutsche Bank and the financial system in general were in better shape than they had feared. Investors hope energy companies will book larger profits as a result. Companies that make and sell household necessities also climbed. Cognizant also said its president, Gordon Coburn, resigned. Microsoft, the next largest company, rose 13 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (: Nutanix's shares are listed on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol NTNX. Another large risk emerged after Dell and EMC combined on Sept. 7. The company has a dual-class share structure, meaning that holders of Class B stock will have 99 percent of the voting power. Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase managed the offering. He promises, yes, to make American great again. Is This The End Of The Trump Reality Show? :", '2016-10-02': 'Mugabe Mocked the Internet, Then Discovered Threat in an Online Pastor : The Zimbabwean government, which had dismissed social media until a viral plea led to large protests, raised prices on cellphone data as internet use has swelled in the country in recent years. We are pleading for help to stop the bombing. " Hungarian women wearing traditional clothes cast their ballot at a polling station Sunday in Budapest. I promise, I will do everything so this can never ever happen," he said. Read MoreEarlier on Sunday, Orban told reporters that his government would "start to negotiate the modification of the Hungarian constitution" if the referendum fell short of the 50% turnout needed to make it valid. Before the referendum, advertisements blanketed airwaves painting migrants in a negative light. " What we have seen so far from the people\'s migration have only been warmup rounds. The real battle is yet to come," he added. JUST WATCHEDMigrants pass through Croatia to Hungary ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHMigrants pass through Croatia to Hungary  02:15"This is a piece of international PR," said John Dalhuisen, the Europe director for Amnesty International. Notes For Hillary Clinton If She Wants To Win The Next Debate : The consensus is that Hillary Clinton won the first debate handily.', '2016-10-03': 'Donald Trump Opposes Some Very American Values : For someone who plans to make America great again, he sure hates a lot of what makes America great. Colombia Scrambles To Revive Peace After Shock Vote : Voters rejected the deal struck between the government and the FARC rebels. The number of golf players in the US has dropped by 20 per cent in the past decade while in England numbers have fallen 29 per cent since 2008. I’ve got a lot of tired people,” one officer said. The market value of that figure, [euro]18 billion, is a lot lower, but as a headline sum it still scares. But as capital becomes more scarce, this becomes a fragile equation." In good times this unit of the bank drove its profits. Global regulators use it as well to complement their own internal models. Other European banks, like BNP Paribas and Société Générale, rank closely behind Deutsche Bank in this regard. We have been worried about European banks for quite a while."', '2016-10-04': "Putin’s pull among the French elite : In the Soviet era, Moscow was a source of inspiration to the French left, and this has been amplified by a well-funded effort by Russia to woo the political elite. Stocks on Wall Street fell in light trading on Monday as investors dumped former darlings of the market: real estate companies and utilities. A report earlier in the day showed United States manufacturing picking up. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 54.30 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,253.85. But those stocks will become less attractive if interest rates and bond yields climb. The cancer drug developer announced it would cut almost a quarter of its work force and look for a new chief executive. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Tuesday's Morning Email: Trump's Bad Press Just Got Worse : From his comments on PTSD to his foundation's fundraising suspension in New York.$1 Million Prize for Philosopher : The philosopher, Charles Taylor, has won the first Berggruen Prize, which is to be given annually to a “thinker whose ideas are of broad significance for shaping human self-understanding. ”’ That means he, like Mr. Trump, might have been able to report taxable income of less than zero.", '2016-10-05': 'Yahoo Said to Have Adapted Email Scanner to Aid U.S. Surveillance : A system built to scan emails for spam, child pornography and malware allowed Yahoo to search for a terrorist organization’s “signature” to satisfy a secret court order, several sources say. They were the second largest nationality behind Syrians. Girls also have the right to an education. However she has not yet been able to attend school. " What else can we ask for apart from food?" " My children are small and my husband is paralyzed. British cod fish are moving to cooler waters, say scientists. Male cod vibrate their swim bladders to produce a pattern of sounds, incorporating thumps, growls and a variety of frequencies which stimulate females to release their eggs. Tim Kaine Shouts Out Civil Rights Leader Barbara Johns During VP Debate : “I am so proud to be running with another strong history-making woman, Hillary Clinton, to be president of the United States,” Kaine said. Turning back the clock on trade can only deepen and prolong the world economy\'s current doldrums." The Nasdaq composite index fell 11.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,289.66. The Fed is expected by most investors to wait until December to raise rates. The company owns Mr. Coffee, Paper Mate, Elmer\'s and other brands.', '2016-10-06': ': \xa0 BEIJING -- With tensions between the United States and China on the rise over issues such as the South China Sea and cyberespionage, one might think the citizens of the two nations have an increasingly hostile view of the other. Isolationist sentiment is difficult to define," the report said. " By this metric the Chinese are inward-looking, as are publics in most other nations surveyed." Still, many complained about rising inequality. Even though it has slowed somewhat over the past couple of years, China has enjoyed remarkable economic growth in recent decades," the report said. " But there is a perception that the spoils have not been shared equally." AuthorAffiliation EDWARD WONG Follow Edward Wong on Twitter @comradewong.: The stock market shook off two days of losses with solid gains on Wednesday, as investors piled into shares of banks and energy companies. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 112.58 points, or 0.6 percent, to 18,281.03. Precious and industrial metals futures closed lower. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Hurricane Matthew Bears Down On U.S. After Killing Dozens In Caribbean : Millions of people in the southeastern U.S. have been urged to evacuate. Here\'s How Scraps Can Help Grow The Food Of The Future : This mobile aquaponic farm could be a game changer.', '2016-10-07': ': \xa0 Mars Inc. has finally taken full control of Wrigley, formally putting M&Ms and Altoids mints in the same division -- and cashing out its partner, Warren E. Buffett, in the process. I have enjoyed all of Berkshire\'s experiences with the Mars family and management and wish them the very best," Mr. Buffett said in an emailed statement. " Both Mars and Berkshire have profited from our investment and that\'s the way it should be." As part of the arrangement, Berkshire received preferred shares worth about $2.1 billion, which paid a 5 percent annual dividend, and $4.4 billion worth of bonds that carried a hefty 11.45 percent interest rate. Indeed, that troubled year represented an extraordinary opportunity for Mr. Buffett. Mars paid off its Berkshire bonds three years ago. Mars said it expects to fully combine the two businesses over 2017. The firm has already cleared the move with one of its main regulators, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. CIT took advice from JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and the law firms Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Sullivan & Cromwell. What to Do About Retirement Income if You Haven’t Saved : Many Americans are ill prepared for retirement, so they will have to rely more on Social Security.', '2016-10-08': 'For ‘Brexit’ Promoters, Falling Pound Signals the Party’s Over : A sickening drop in the pound signals that all the illusions around the vote to leave the European Union have been shattered, and that Britain will pay a price. The company, led by Jack Dorsey, wants offers before the end of the month. All the excitement has shaken up investors. Twitter is expected to lose about $270 million next year. Silicon Valley often prefers its own oddball math. Artificial intelligence is having a breakout moment (again). @ So looking at the data through a political lens makes perfect sense. The Trump phenomenon seems to be driven by that pessimistic impulse. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Photograph A Chocolate Maker in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, This Week. Photograph by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)Hurricane Matthew Weakens Off U.S. Coast After Ravaging Haiti : The number of deaths in Haiti jumped to at least 877 as information trickled in from remote areas previously cut off by the storm. The tobacco industry should be dead by now. Forty million Americans still smoke — 15 per cent of women and about 20 per cent of men.', '2016-10-09': 'Fiscal policy activism is firmly back on the agenda. This seems an obvious path at a time when governments can finance public investment programmes at less than zero real rates of interest. Donald Trump was forced to defend himself after being caught bragging in crude terms about aggressively groping women, issuing a rare apology but immediately accusing Hillary Clinton of bullying the female “victims” of her husband, former president Bill Clinton. @ He claimed attractive women wanted to kiss him because he is a star. @ “ Hong Kong rules require banks to be satisfied with the sources and availability of funds when offers are made. @ Trump Supporters\' Most Absurd Excuses For His Lewd Comments : Even his staunchest advocates are having a hard time with this one. Donald Trump Was Losing This Election Anyway : Polls showed him losing must-win states even before many prominent Republicans withdrew support. Rudy Giuliani Wanted To Move On From The Trump Tape. The "Meet the Press" host seems to be just as sickened by Trump as everyone else. Fiscal policy activism is firmly back on the agenda.', '2016-10-10': 'Zhen:  China’s third-largest private equity firm CSC Group is helping fund an artificial intelligence incubator in Britain, the latestsign of a boom in Chinese tech investments abroad and of the tapping of the UK’s AI talent. @ Together, they will hire 60 people, invest in and grow five early-stage AI start-ups and launch two new companies from scratch each year. @ “ We want to fuse the technology we find in the UK with the Chinese market. ” Almost 12 per cent of companies surveyed said they had staff working more than 100 hours of overtime a month. This year’s US election has given rise to plenty of peculiar developments. Here is another one: Carbon Black, a cyber security firm, has released a poll suggesting that 58 per cent of voters think it “likely” that electronic voting machines could be cyber-hacked. One reason is that many US government officials quietly share voters’ concerns. This has big implications for both political pundits and business leaders. Trump Set The Bar For His Debate Performance So Low That Some People Actually Thought He Did Well : All he had to do was show up. Samsung To Halt Global Sales, Exchanges Of Galaxy Note 7 : “Consumers with either an original Galaxy Note7 or replacement Galaxy Note7 device should power down and stop using the device,” Samsung said.', '2016-10-11': "Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is A Ludicrous Windfall For The One Percent : It would cost more than $7 trillion over the next decade, according to one analysis. The GOP Tried To Fix Its Woman Problem After 2012. Women are more disgusted by the party than ever. Can the U.S. Really Get Astronauts to Mars by 2030? : A decade ago the phrase “level-three assets” made bankers wince. No one cared about this oddity when times were good. So confidence crumbled — and with it the banks’ share prices. @ Last month, Opec countries reached an agreement in Algiers to curb production to between 32.5m and 33m barrels a day. Society blamed it on the rise in vodka consumption. Pro-Trump sentiments among this group are impervious to virtually anything he says or does. This includes the ultimate inequality — how long you live. Low income middle age men in 1970 had an average life expectancy five years below that of high income men of the same age. The latest estimates put it at almost 15 years. Alongside her day job, accountant Jane Li runs a lucrative export business.", '2016-10-12': 'Putin Looks to Return Russia to Olympic Fold : President Vladimir V. Putin outlined a broad strategy this week to redeem Russia in the eyes of global Olympic officials in the wake of its doping controversy. The presidential election debates should represent US democracy at its finest. Political rivals to the president get imprisoned in Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwe. America is meant to live by different standards. @ Sunday night’s spectacle is not just embarrassing for the US. America is widely regarded as the “leader of the free world.” The sprawling Toyota family is expanding yet again. @ Samsung is not the first company to discover that battery life can be a combustible issue. But it then claimed to have fixed the problem and encouraged customers to swap their dodgy phones for new ones. One tiny step for reform, one decent bounce for a share price. Yesterday, its H shares (a quarter of the company is listed in Hong Kong) popped as much as 6 per cent. @ With mobile penetration in China exceeding 90 per cent, the structural growth story is done. The telecoms sector is familiar with government reform. What “mixed ownership” would entail is still unclear. Mr Putin announced that the visit would be rescheduled. Putin Looks to Return Russia to Olympic Fold : President Vladimir V. Putin outlined a broad strategy this week to redeem Russia in the eyes of global Olympic officials in the wake of its doping controversy.', '2016-10-13': 'Not Even Bill O\'Reilly Believes Mike Pence\'s Nonsense About Women Voters : “You’re going to lose the election if you can’t convince more American women to vote for you. ” Did Paul Ryan Overplay His Hand With Donald Trump? : Suicide in Jail Puts Scrutiny on Officials in Germany : The death is almost certain to add to pressure on the state and federal authorities to improve coordination among the patchwork of agencies responsible for law enforcement. Restaurants are hiring dessert makers they can train.: Hazleton\'s population is growing for the first time in more than half a century. Now their grandchildren are struggling against economic decline and cultural displacement. " A decade later, that figure was 37 percent. A Cargill meat processing and distribution plant arrived in 2001. He has hired a bilingual receptionist and is looking for a bilingual nurse. It would have been a ghost town of older white people." That says you\'re willing to break the law again." But he plans to vote for Mrs. Clinton, he said. " Maybe it will now be \'As American as salsa.\' They can tell when they\'re not liked or they\'re not welcome." People say, \'Why would you want to stay there?"\' Well, for one thing, this is my hometown." Follow The New York Times\'s politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter. But until now they have only been able to access the data contained within their own network.', '2016-10-14': "Donald Trump Is Probably Past The Point Of No Return : The GOP nominee's numbers haven't dropped much in the past week, but he was already losing. Ferguson Officer Investigation Shows Just How Far The Police Force Has To Go : The city's newest cop has come under fire for problematic tweets. Policing Vows Could Burden  De Blasio in ’17 : Bill de Blasio, caught between his soaring rhetoric as a candidate and the realities of being New York City’s mayor, is disappointing many who supported him. Third Zika Zone Arises in Miami, but It’s No Cause for Panic, Scientists Say : The announcement of a third zone, involving five cases, was not seen as a sign that the disease was out of control. In fact, as mosquito season winds down, their numbers are dwindling. Donald Trump said fresh allegations he had groped or made unwelcome sexual advances towards women are a “total fabrication” and claimed to have proof of their falsehood that he would release. @ These events never, ever happened,” Mr Trump said at a campaign rally in West Palm Beach, Florida. “ The claims are preposterous, ludicrous and defy truth, common sense and logic. “ Conventional wisdom was that he overpaid for everything, used a lot of debt and would surely implode. Now, Chinese developers are the object of a similar debate.", '2016-10-15': "Hacked Clinton Emails Raise Concerns Of Foundation Ethics Breach : Emails published by Wikileaks appear to show an offered donation from Qatar, which would conflict with the Foundation's policy. Stocks on Wall Street gave up large early gains and finished barely higher on Friday. Banks and technology companies traded higher, while stocks that pay large dividends fell thanks to a jump in bond yields. Goldman Sachs was responsible for most of the Dow's gains. JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup reported results that were better than investors expected. Kohl's lost $1.44, or 3.2 percent, to $43.68; Macy's fell $1.23, or 3.3 percent, to $35.57. The dollar rose to 104.21 yen from 103.59 yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( El Salvador Wins Dispute Over Denying a Mining Permit : An international arbitration panel ruled that the government did not have to pay compensation to Pac Rim Cayman for denying it a concession to drill for gold. This would starve local communities of resources like teachers and infrastructure, while stacking the deck further against smaller, local businesses.", '2016-10-16': "Polls Show Good News For Hillary Clinton : The Democrat leads nationally and in key states, although the size of her advantage is debatable. Officials Fight Trump’s Claims of a Rigged Vote : Mr. Trump sowed doubts about the integrity of the democratic process on Sunday even as his own running mate assured voters the election would be legitimate. U.S. And Britain Call For Immediate Ceasefire In Yemen : Yemen's horrific war is finally getting more attention from international powers. Mormons’ Consciences Have Put White Evangelicals To Shame This Election : Evangelicals should take a lesson from Mormons this election season. I Barged Into A Room Full Of Trump Supporters. For a moment, I was on the verge of completely losing my civility. Toxic GOP Leadership That Turned Catastrophic : When President Obama took office, there was a concerted effort to delegitimize many of his actions by the Tea Party elementPolls Show Good News For Hillary Clinton : The Democrat leads nationally and in key states, although the size of her advantage is debatable.", '2016-10-17': "Keegan-Michael Key Provides A Bleak Forecast For Trump's America In New Video : Donald Trump would not make America great again, or at all, for that matter. Donald Trump Is Effectively Stoking Fears Of A Rigged Election : Americans are less certain that their votes will be accurately counted than in previous elections. Staying private for as long as possible has been the norm for the tech companies based closer to the traditional California tech heartland. This coincidence feeds an obvious narrative: as one experiment in mobile messaging loses momentum, another is on the rise. More than 100m of Twitter’s users were visiting daily, and its audience had doubled from a year before. However, policy could be made far more effective in the long run, once a host of institutional constraints are dealt with. In contrast, politicians in democracies such as Brazil, Paraguay, Nigeria, Mexico and Romania are seen as exhibiting the lowest ethical standards. Mr Duterte, who took office in June, is due to fly to Beijing on Tuesday and then to Tokyo the following week. It has also been about changing destinies. Thus, a mounting economic crisis in Venezuela comes as a big blow. They all rely on low-paid drivers and couriers to provide services such as ecommerce, ride hailing and food delivery. @", '2016-10-18': 'Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Disaster Could Spark Class Action Lawsuit : The top smartphone maker had to recall millions of the Note 7s after reports of some exploding in flame. Nearly 10,000 people have died in the violence since the beginning of the crisis, according to UN figures. That was also above a median estimate of Rmb1tn from economists. @ It adds a new layer of regulatory risk.” @ The fundamental outlook for Chinese stocks is in fact picking up. Coalition forces will also likely face suicide bombs, car bombs and booby traps. She was carried away for medical assistance. Local water sources have been contaminated by the burning oil and sulfur. CNN\'s Nick Paton Walsh, Hamdi Alkhshali, Arwa Damon and Ben Wedeman reported from near Mosul; Euan McKirdy reported and wrote from Hong Kong and Tim Hume wrote from London. The low prices are a point of pride for residents, and a reason for visitors to fill up before going home. That may change next month when the per-gallon tax rises 23 cents. But his accusations hit a new intensity late last week and over the weekend. " Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? I\'m with you, Mr. President, and God bless you.\' "', '2016-10-19': 'Watch Fox News Congratulate Vegas Gun Shop Owner For Pre-Hillary Victory Sale : "Prices will skyrocket after crooked Hillary gets in. " There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, in part because they’re so decentralised and the number of votes involved,” Mr Obama said during a White House press conference with Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi. Democrats Hit GOP Intelligence Committee Chair For Skipping Military Hearings : North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr attended just 30 percent of Armed Services hearings while serving on the committee. Christian Faes, chief executive of LendInvest, confirmed the transaction. “ We bought our Chinese investors out of the business,” he said, but declined to go into more detail. “ This should not be allowed to pass as merely another diplomatic statement. @ China has red lines regarding arbitration, intellectual property and trade unions. Since 2011, global trade growth has been stagnant. This view has important implications for global asset markets in at least two ways. Our recent work, however, pushes back against three key variants of the peak trade hypothesis. If It\'s Liberated, Mosul Won\'t Be Safe for Minorities Unless It Adopts Grassroots Democracy : Otherwise, ethnic and religious strife could threaten the diverse region.', '2016-10-20': "The assault on the Iraqi city of Mosul that began this week underlines the fact that the next three months will be a perilous period in international politics. Fighting is intensifying in the Middle East. A temporarily preoccupied America might not matter much in normal times. But big and dangerous decisions are looming. I tell you in all candour that option no longer exists.” @ We form families, communities, towns, cities, counties and nations. ” After more than a decade in power, Recep Tayyip Erdogan has come to tower over Turkey. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 40.68 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,202.62. The anxious waitScientists with ESA were anxiously waiting for news from Schiaparelli yesterday. The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see. It was Opportunity's home for 14 of the first 46 months it spent on Mars. They may have formed when fluids moved through rock fractures. CNN's David Gilbert contributed to this report. The dramatic fall in commodity prices since mid-2014 . . .", '2016-10-21': 'U.S. Warship Challenges China\'s Claims In South China Sea: Officials : The guided-missile destroyer USS Decatur challenged “excessive maritime claims” near the Paracel IslandsDonald Trump Victory Would Send Stocks Plummeting 10 To 15 Percent : Stock markets around the world are uncharacteristically averse to the Republican nominee. Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! LONDON -- One trend that has gone out of fashion in the luxury world this year? The global market for high-end personal goods is headed for its weakest year since 2009. Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.: Big bets have been disastrous, investors have voiced discontent and some managers have been forced to rewrite their playbooks or call it quits. Just two years ago, his Pershing Square Holdings finished the year with a 40 percent gain. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. For China, the project represents more than just an isolated example of a dream turned to dust. The more details you get, the better," said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners. " It also shows the business is coming of age." Revenue was $20.45 billion compared with $20.38 billion a year ago. There were blemishes on Microsoft\'s quarter.', '2016-10-22': "Keep Cuba Open and Close Down Marco Rubio : Self-Serving Rubio Never Earned Our Vote Senator Marco Rubio it’s time for you to go. You have proven to be a self-servingJorge Ramos Exposes Hate Groups' Rise In The Age Of Trump : The journalist finds in a new film that the GOP nominee has emboldened racists -- and warns it'll take years to repair the damage. When Crib Monitors Double as Web Weaponry : The attack on the web’s infrastructure laid bare new vulnerabilities linked to our reliance on cameras, smart thermostats and the rest of the internet of things. Fighting Rages In Yemen As U.N. Seeks To Extend 72-Hour Ceasefire : Ground fighting has continued largely unabated despite the truce. How To Emotionally Recover From The Election : This election season has been extremely charged and emotionally taxing across the board. ISIS Sets Sulfur Plant Ablaze In Northern Iraq, Choking The Air With Deadly Chemicals : At least two civilians have died and more than 100 sought medical attention over the attack, a local medical worker said. AT&T Agrees To Buy Time Warner : The colossal merger could reshape the media ecosystem -- if regulators let it happen. Friday Talking Points -- Bad Hombres And Nasty Women Unite! :", '2016-10-23': 'Ricky Gervais: Donald Trump Is More David Brent Than JFK : The comedian said the GOP nominee\'s campaign is "like a joke that got out of hand. "Debt Load May Hamper AT&amp;T’s Expansion Plans : A deal with Time Warner would create a combined debt of about $175 billion, which experts say represents one of the biggest risks in the merger. G.O.P. Hopefuls in State Congressional Races Walk Tightrope on Trump : Republicans are trying to find a balance between expressing support for Mr. Trump and distancing themselves from a candidate who may become toxic to the moderates and independents they need to win. Tough Stand on Militants Raises Risks With Pakistan : Experts are worrying about what India will do when Pakistan-based militants carry out another attack in India, as is almost certain, and how Pakistan will respond. Fox News Just Landed A Brutal, Clean Hit On Hillary Clinton\'s Campaign : The campaign is having to answer for $12 million the Clinton Foundation received from the king of Morocco. Eric Trump Poses With Woman Wearing \'Latina Against Trump\' Shirt : "It stands as a testament to the lack of diversity surrounding that campaign.”', '2016-10-24': 'This Florida Amendment Claims To Be Pro-Solar, But Energy Advocates Are Skeptical : Critics say the ballot measure, which Floridians will vote on in two weeks, is misleading. They are also clear who is to blame: central banks. People with mortgages have found their debts cheaper. Demolition Of Calais \'Jungle\' Camp Plunges Refugees Into New Uncertainty : Thousands of people have no idea where they will end up. This in turn means a slower increase in our standard of living. So which party is best placed to address the problem? Household incomes and investment fell sharply. What was once a superpower is now a country in decline. @ By many measures, this should be a moment of great economic uncertainty for the corporate world. Britain plans to leave the European Union. And Russia is flexing its military muscle in the Middle East. Everyone is expecting a Clinton victory," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody\'s Analytics. " They think nothing is going to change, and they\'re comfortable with that."\' It\'s a very sanguine, propitious environment for deals." They are therefore really good at managing in this environment." If you can\'t grow organically, it\'s growth through acquisitions." The Justice Department, however, has sued to block both deals, leaving their fates in jeopardy. Photograph Janet L. Yellen, On-Screen, Fed Chairwoman.', '2016-10-25': 'As ID Laws Fall, Voters See New Barriers Rise : Contrasting laws and rulings leave election officials and voters confused, and some court remedies fall well short of restoring previous access to the voting booth. Growing Costs of Health Law  Pose a Late Test : The Trump campaign, desperate for a winning political issue in the final two weeks of the race, mounted an offensive against the Affordable Care Act. Mosul Fight Unleashes New Horrors on Civilians : The Islamic State is carrying out mass killings and using human shields. Refugees are being turned away over fears terrorist sleeper cells. There is a glut, and the glut isn\'t healthy," Mr. Setser said. Three-quarters of it comes from China and other Asian dynamos. There is no way to force those who are oversaving to spend more." We are seeing institutional investors come to us and ask for levels of risk that they have never asked for before." Photograph The Central Business District of Chengdu, China. Both faced problems yesterday following reviews by the EU and Germany. Major story that the Dems are making up phoney polls in order to suppress the Trump. We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don’t let them fool you — get out and vote! # Both countries, in different ways, challenge US dominance. China’s economy is, in purchasing power terms, comparable to America’s. Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!', '2016-10-26': "Google Curbs Growth of High-Speed Fiber Optic Network, Cutting Jobs : Alphabet, Google’s parent company, said it would halt discussions with cities where it planned to expand its network and would reduce staff at Google Fiber. Unscrupulous smugglers with no regard for life. Here's a look at how we got to this point. Why are they doing it?Read MoreThey have no choice. They are Syrians, Afghans, Iraqis, escaping war. Bodies of migrants in a boat off the coast of Libya in October. Still, it remains a heavily trafficked route. Far more are internally displaced -- still in Syria, but living like refugees in the country. International agencies stopped trying to count the dead years ago. Justin Trudeau vowed Canada would take 25,000 when he became prime minister last year. Go deeper on the migrant crisisRead our past coverage to learn more about the issue. But events will not stand still, while “America decides”. This statement was greeted by warm applause from his audience. The acquisitions are generally welcomed by recipient countries. They help create jobs and economic growth. Nearly $40bn in planned Chinese deals have been scuppered since mid-2015, mostly because of tightened scrutiny over competition and national security concerns. Sales for fiscal 2016 were down 8 per cent to $215.6bn. @", '2016-10-27': 'NATO bolsters presence in Eastern Europe as Russia tension rises - CNN : NATO bolsters presence in Eastern Europe as Russia tension rises : Story highlightsUK to send 800 personnel to EstoniaRecent tactics by Moscow forces NATO to respond, top official says (CNN)The UK has deployed hundreds of troops to Eastern Europe as NATO continues to bolster its presence in the face of perceived Russian provocation. ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHIs this the new Cold War? Russia has tripled defense spending," Stoltenberg told reporters. " Russia has invested heavily in a modern military equipment. They range from high school students to lawyers and doctors. UK troops are expected to begin their deployment in Estonia in May. Less than a decade later, some now question the wisdom of that move. " It\'s become a weekend home away from home for local militias. Tesla Gives  Investors  a Surprise: Profitability : Tesla’s chief, Elon Musk, who is SolarCity’s largest stockholder, is under pressure to prove that the electric carmaker can be a profitable foundation for a merger. Visitors later said he had seemed agitated beforehand. @ There are, incidentally, two earlier cases where gorillas have protected children in similar circumstances. Hillary Clinton has a plan to change that. Is it because of the exhaustion of certain opportunities? The new name for the drone maker has not yet been publicly announced. That gave the Shanghai-based company a market value of more than $12bn.', '2016-10-28': 'Hillary Clinton\'s Super PAC Has Raised More Money Than Any Super PAC Ever : Nearly all of the money has come from seven-figure donors. Since Russia annexed Crimea two years ago, Lithuanians have been on edge. This country does not hesitate to use a military force against its neighbors, and at this moment it basically continues the military aggression against Ukraine. " The last one, published in December 2015, was entitled "Prepare to survive emergencies and war: a cheerful take on serious recommendations." There are also detailed images of Russian-made tanks, grenades, mines and guns and instructions on how to recognize different types. Analysis: Why are Russian warships in British waters? If so, Republicans want to complete the parallel by turning Clinton into Nixon. The Treasury had predicted it would shrink 0.1 per cent. @ The make-up of the Standing Committee of the politburo will be announced next autumn. These days, that means much more than just the iTunes store that powered the iPod. Four dishes and one soup, with no alcohol. Foreign companies that want to acquire businesses in China face a similarly strict diet. There are few dishes on the menu and they are hard to swallow. Verdict in Siege Draws Surprise and Questions About Equity : Outraged by', '2016-10-29': 'Doubts About a Promised Bounty : Higher yields with less pesticides was the sales pitch for genetically modified seeds. But that has not proved to be the outcome in the United States. With a City of Towers,  China Puts Its Stamp on Georgia’s Economy : What had been a fight for influence in Georgia between Moscow and Washington has expanded into a three-ring event that has left China with the most visible role. Twitter’s Four-Year Odyssey Building, and Dismantling, the Six-Second Video App Vine : Twitter built up Vine to leapfrog Instagram and cultivated star users. But as competition stiffened, and employees and users peeled off, Vine lost its hold. Increase in Health Act Premiums May Affect the Voting in Arizona : Republican candidates here seized on the rate hikes, counting on the issue to buoy them with Election Day imminent and Donald J. Trump losing ground. Decision Pulls F.B.I.’s Leader Back Down Into Political Fray : Mr. Comey faced a dilemma: Inform Congress of the new developments, and be accused of harming Hillary Clinton, or wait, and be accused of lacking transparency. Are Americans Really Saying No To Drugs? : In the recent years, the United States has struggled greatly over illicit drug use. Mariano Rajoy Wins Confidence Vote To Be Spanish Prime Minister : Rajoy said he would name a new cabinet on Thursday. Doubts About a Promised Bounty : Higher yields with less pesticides was the sales pitch for genetically modified seeds.', '2016-10-30': "New FBI Announcement Could Throw Wrench Into Down-Ballot Races : But no one really knows how revisiting the Clinton email investigation will affect other candidates on the ballot. Venezuela's President Maduro To Meet Opposition As Crisis Grows : Protests have stepped up as the country is in a harsh recession. Hillary Clinton's Campaign 'Puzzled And Outraged' By FBI Director's Shake-Up Of Election : Her spokesman says James Comey’s “unbelievably vague” letter to lawmakers was a gift to Republicans. Donald Trump Might Be Gaining In The Polls, But The Picture Isn’t Clear : Regardless, he still trails badly in Electoral College projections. South Korea Leader Fires Aides in Uproar : President Park Geun-hye fired eight aides on Sunday amid rising public anger over accusations that a private citizen was given undue influence in matters of policy. Scientists Observe Antarctica's Rapidly Melting Ice Shelf : Planet earth received some condemning news last week regarding the rapid melting of submarine ice shelves in Antarctica. Rosario Murillo, President Daniel Ortega’s wife, has risen by winning over the poor and the public, but also by pushing out many in Mr. Ortega’s inner circle. Stakes Are Rising in Google’s Antitrust Fight With Europe : The search giant is fighting three antitrust charges, and the results will have a major impact on both the tech company and European policy makers.", '2016-10-31': "James Comey's Clinton Email Announcement Leaves Voters In The Dark : The FBI director's move has put the Democratic nominee in an awkward position. But human ingenuity, with better algorithms and new hardware circuits, is pushing ahead. Donna Brazile Appears To Have Sent CNN Debate Question To Clinton Campaign : The network has severed ties with the political commentator and interim Democratic National Committee chair. China is Australia’s largest trading partner, accounting for A$150bn of two-way trade in 2015. We have a practical and real appreciation about what some of their vulnerabilities are.” It comes amid signs the race was already tightening. The poll, a rolling four-day average, had Mrs Clinton up by a dozen points just one week ago. With the pound plunging, British education looks particularly attractive. @ Or it would do, if Theresa May’s Conservative government had not chosen last week to give this vital UK business a good thumping. while looking at tougher rules for students on lower-quality courses”. Yet at the ballot box it is also blamed by those very same people for increasing inequality and squeezing living standards. @ In their view, globalisation is an “innocent fraud”, to use John Kenneth Galbraith’s phrase. @ Vladimir Putin’s regime describes itself by its grudges. You could hear the screams of anguish in the Kremlin. @ The assessment was at once right and wrong. By almost every metric — economic, demographic, social or technological — Russia faces inexorable decline.", '2016-11-01': 'Explosion Rocks Gas Pipeline In Alabama, Prompting Shutdown : At least one person died and five others were injured in the blast and fire. Philadelphia Transit Strike Could Make It Harder For People To Vote : SEPTA and the union have just one week to get a contract in place. The advanced economies have grown for seven years straight. The eurozone has an unemployment rate of 10 per cent and per capita gross domestic product below pre-crisis\xa0levels. Mr Comey, the fearsome sentinel, has over-reached. Public servants should never take actions that could sway a presidential election. If Mr Trump wins next week he has vowed to put Mrs Clinton in jail. His supporters chant “lock her up” at every rally. Some of the early western investors in China bungled so badly you have to wonder how they managed it. @ It then located its brewery in a remote area near North Korea that froze in winter and flooded in summer. The surprising thing about the fall in the value of sterling is that it has not been more precipitous. A “soft” Brexit and an “open” economy should be the goal. The government has yet to come up with a coherent strategy for disengagement. Many commuters were forced to find alternative routes to work.', '2016-11-02': 'France Moves Calais Child Migrants As Row With Britain Simmers : The children’s plight has triggered a diplomatic row between Paris and London, with tensions intensifying after President Hollande pressed Britain to accept its share of responsibility for the minors. You\'re watching their movement, you\'re watching what they care about, you\'re watching what they respond to to and there are a lot of upsides to this." That\'s usually only for about five minutes," Madden responded. Get CNN\'s "Party People" podcast at CNN, Stitcher, TuneInRadio or iTunes. Newspaper stocks fell as Gannett and Tronc, publisher of The Los Angeles Times, called off a merger. Increasingly, investors\' focus has been the presidential election. Now, all of a sudden, it\'s turning into a bit of a race." United States government bond prices rose. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Rarely in a US presidential election has the choice been so stark and the stakes so high. The international order of the past 70 years is fraying, maybe even breaking down. Mrs Clinton has served as first lady, senator for New York and US secretary of state. Mr Trump deals in denigration not diplomacy. China has flown its J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time, highlighting Beijing’s growing military might at a time of heightened tensions. @', '2016-11-03': 'In Poll, Voters Express Disgust in U.S. Politics : Most voters say that their minds are made up and that late revelations about Mrs. Clinton and Donald J. Trump made no significant difference to them. The finding may help explain the vast scope of the last outbreak. Some Asian economies got a boost last month as demand picked up and new business inflows grew more robust. We\'ve already been asked the question, the public have made the decision," said Tony Geary. " The referendum was: \'Do we stay or do we go?\'" " JUST WATCHEDThis town voted to leave the EU, what do they think now?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHThis town voted to leave the EU, what do they think now? " Max Blau, Ivan Watson and Susanna Capelouto contributed reporting. The most significant change reflected evidence of stronger inflation. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.: A steep decline in oil prices also shook investor confidence. Energy stocks were among the biggest decliners in the S.&P. 500. Precious metals futures closed mostly higher. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. (', '2016-11-04': 'Kaine Reaches Out to Hispanic Voters in Arizona, Using Entirely Their Own Words : Steadily, confidently, but far from flawlessly, Tim Kaine gave a speech entirely in Spanish in a heavily Hispanic neighborhood in Phoenix, a language that is a synonym for immigration. By contrast, 5 percent of those planning to vote for Hillary Clinton say they distrust the government information.) They just have an emotional \'yay\' or \'boo\' response to them and anything else that they recognize as having a political significance." In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent." That\'s part of the business of collecting information." And their basic methods do not swerve from one administration to the next. Our approach is based on methodologies that have been proven over time and approved statistical practices. They are not based on political influence." So what gives the best picture of the job market? The household survey helps fill in those gaps. AuthorAffiliation PATRICIA COHEN Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter: @PatcohenNYT Photograph A Construction Site in New York. The term -- a fixture in headlines around the world throughout 2016 -- has been named Word of the Year. Did Democrats Back The Wrong Candidate In Pennsylvania? : Sigmar Gabriel now knows what a frosty reception feels like. They are not going to be as excited as they need to be this week. Civility and substance have given way to insult and personal attack.', '2016-11-05': "Weekend Roundup: American Democracy's Downside Parallels China's 'Bad Emperor' Problem : Something is profoundly wrong if spewing out insulting tweets can pave the way to the doorstep of the White House. In many ways, the peopleThe Most Important Reason For You To Vote This Election Has Nothing To Do With Clinton Or Trump : For decades, our collective confidence in the strength of our democracy has enabled us to shrug off our consistently dismal voter turnout, among the lowest in the developed world. Is Donald Trump Losing To A Mastermind Or A Moron? : Florida Moving Faster From Battleground To Blue? The United States economy is basically healthy. But they are more of the long-building variety than the get-us-out-of-this-slump variety. The unemployment rate edged down to 4.9 percent in October, continuing a remarkably stable run (it has been either 4.9 percent or 5 percent for 12 of the last 13 months). There is less good news in the report as well. But it's worth pausing to look at what has been achieved. And they are finally starting to get the bigger paychecks they have long hungered for. A big part of that decline is demographic: baby boomers hitting retirement age. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.", '2016-11-06': 'Donald Trump Has Caused A Historic Drop In The Stock Market : The S&P 500 is down for nine straight days for the first time in 36 years. Whose Finger Do You Want On The Nuclear Button? : In 2016, the nuclear issue is back big time, thanks both to the rise of Donald Trump (including various unsettling comments he\'s made about nuclear weapons) and actual changes in the global nuclear landscape. If Clinton Moves to Oval Office, Aides’ Baggage May Be Heavy : After a campaign season defined by voter weariness with and distrust of Mrs. Clinton, which old hands might follow her to the White House — and should they?Hillary Clinton Is Leading In A Greater Portion Of Polls Than Obama Was In The Last Two Elections : Things are looking good for the Democratic nominee. Latest FBI News Doesn\'t Stop Republicans From Attacking Clinton On Emails : But it did seem to sour some of them on James Comey. Local News Anchors Report Fake Good News To Distract Us From The Election : “Sometimes it feels like there\'s nothing but bad news out there. "Barack Obama Skewers Donald Trump For Losing His Twitter Access : "If somebody can’t handle a Twitter account, they can’t handle the nuclear codes. "Most Germans Fear The Effects Of A Trump Election Victory : A new poll shows people are afraid the U.S.-German relationship would come under strain.', '2016-11-07': 'Court Shuns  Push to Ban Intimidation at Ohio Polls  : The Supreme Court turned away a bid to reinstate a trial judge’s order that barred Donald J. Trump’s campaign from harassing or intimidating voters in Ohio. The other aircraft, according to the $2bn deal, will be with China within three years. Q：What made you start the commercial exploration of space? Theresa May has struck a defiant tone against those seeking to halt or slow down Brexit, urging Europhiles to “accept what the people decided”. @ She has led in most public opinion polling there since the summer. This group broke heavily for Romney in 2012. However, he was a more traditional Republican. " One difference this election is the popularity of a third-party candidate, Libertarian Gary Johnson. The North Carolina Board of Elections releases data on each voter. The registrations were challenged based "exclusively on mass mailings that were returned as undeliverable." The operation coincides with the coalition campaign in neighboring Iraq to drive the terror group from Mosul, its stronghold in that country. What we are working on right now is to find the right mix of forces for the operation. " CNN\'s Isil Sariyuce contributed to this report.', '2016-11-08': 'China has passed a sweeping law tightening restrictions on internet freedoms, a contentious move that foreign businesses say threatens to shut them out of one of the world’s biggest technology markets. @ Heard the one about the parking space sold for $620,000? There is no doubt that Hong Kong has a problem. The British currency is at a 30-year low the Chinese housing market is at a 25-year high. Reserves were $3.121tn, a level last reached in March 2011. That sent the dollar up nearly 1 per cent against the euro. Most, or almost all, M&A deals show a significant share price decline (of the buyer) when the deals are announced,” said Scott Moeller, professor at Cass Business School in London. What explains this relatively positive assessment of Mr Trump in China? The average was briefly up as much as 375 points. This is a reaction to less uncertainty." " In those kinds of markets, people are jumping into stocks that they think are cheap. Several pharmaceutical companies were also among Monday\'s biggest gainers. These foreigners are then given residency in Hungary. If you want to say \'No\' to poor ones, you have to say \'No\' to rich migrants. I promise, I will do everything so this can never ever happen," Orban said last month. Clinton conceded to Trump in the early hours of Wednesday morning. I say it is time for us to come together as one united people. "', '2016-11-09': 'Environmental Leaders Cautious, Yet Hopeful Despite Trump\'s Big Win : The world will move on, with or without the United States. I have been looking around the room at people who are stoned faced. " In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man rules. But it is a king when compared with its peers. It also possesses abiding supremacy in new technologies. At least the US fiscal position is not a really urgent threat. The financial crisis of 2007-09 was a devastating event, economically and politically. Too many casual observers take this rapid turnround for granted. But the Great Recession could have been another Great Depression. Everyone has benefited greatly from this success. Alibaba’s transactions alone exceeded $14bn last year and are expected to grow this year. @ Senator Marco Rubio, whose presidential bid fell short, beat his Democratic rival Patrick Murphy. Rudy Giuliani: Trump Is \'Greatest Victory For People Of America Since Andrew Jackson\' : The former president was removed from the $20 bill this year for being genocidal and pro-slavery.', '2016-11-10': 'Canada’s Clean Energy Might Not Be So Clean : There have been protests near a project in Labrador, and researchers say problems loom at 22 major dams proposed or under construction close to other indigenous communities. Donald Trump’s victory marks a thunderous repudiation of the status quo. Many commentators expect MSCI to grant approval next year after turning China down in June. @ By their nature, markets are wired to look beyond the moment and into the future. The equipment rental company United Rentals ended up 17 percent. That will be a long process of negotiated change. Global investors initially reacted as if the world had caught fire. They sold oil and the Mexican peso, pushing it to a record low. Credit: LANDON THOMAS Jr.; Neil Gough, Peter S. Goodman and Chad Bray contributed reporting. Photograph Currency Traders in Seoul, South Korea, Left, and One in Mumbai, India.: The cost of that uncertainty should be palpable. Growth will reverse course fairly significantly." But we should be sure not to extrapolate immediate reactions to long-term implications." That could increase inflation and depress productivity gains. Raising rates, he said, would pop "a big, fat, ugly bubble." This Is What 8 Women Wish They Could Tell Hillary Clinton Today : "Tomorrow will be better -- we will make sure of that. " Turns out those might be harder than promised too.', '2016-11-11': 'On Donald Trump And White Leftists Who Want To Build Bridges : Pleading with the oppressor to care hasn\'t gotten us where we need to go. During the live-streamed show audiences participated in games by shaking, scanning and tapping their phones more than 6.8bn times, Alibaba said. Lobbyists Are Getting Key Jobs After Being Berated on the Trail : To critics of Donald J. Trump, the inclusion of lobbyists and other advisers with industry ties is a sign that he may not follow through on all of his promises. But some of the establishment figures’ opposition is softening. Property in Dubai has fallen in price for seven consecutive quarters. David Godchaux, who runs local agent Core, source of the sales figures, is having none of it. “ But this is Dubai’s first really healthy correction.” @ His point is that Dubai has seen much worse. Mr Glick is now a successful asset manager running a multibillion-dollar private fund. Most were independent voters, with 38% Republicans and 18% Democrats. She failed to make up that group with voters outside that core. Her appeal among white working-class voters was especially weak. But predictions of rattled equity markets proved short-lived. It is important he get some things accomplished very quickly." There is a positive narrative around Trump taking place. You\'re not even seeing that initial fear stage that you had with Brexit."', '2016-11-12': 'Hillary Clinton On Loss: \'These Have Been Very, Very Tough Days\' : She encouraged her volunteers to remain involved in politics, despite the despair. Thankfully all are now safe but we had our heart in our mouth the whole time. Read More#Update: @MSF_Sea also on site assisting in the rescue. The number believed dead or missing at sea is more than 4,200 to date. Those seeking to make the journey from Libya are at greatest risk, the agency said. I cover war zones, conflict and everything. Alan, his brother and their mother drowned while fleeing Syria. Racism in 2016 — Will President Donald Trump Put an End to It? : You need it when things are not going well. ” What Markets Tell Us About a Trump Presidency : The stock market has risen, with investors seemingly betting that Donald Trump will stick to proposals that would benefit corporate profits, and abandon others that wouldn’t. The rally lost some steam on Friday, pulling the S.&P. 500 slightly lower. This scenario was such a low probability, nobody was planning for it." But this week they went from being a laggard to one of the biggest gainers. Bond trading was closed on Friday in observance of Veterans Day. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2016-11-13': 'The Democrats’ Failed Suburban Strategy : Every Democratic presidential nominee this century has had trouble relating to rural and exurban swing voters. Dems\' Dangerous Wishes : Could the Electoral College act to vote for Hillary Clinton, who won and continues to expand a lead in the popular vote, and\'Utter Devastation\' After Major Quake, Aftershocks Hit New Zealand : The quakes damaged roads and buildings and sent thousands fleeing to higher ground. My buyer loved the wow factor this house exudes: walls of glass and lots of natural light." Fewer people, though, think of it as a pure investment vehicle. I believe the interest among high-end property buyers in overseas markets is greater than ever right now," Ms. Peddicord said. " These include France, Spain and Portugal. Security has become a major issue worldwide. Ethics experts said the remarks were misguided. Windmills and Solar Panels, or Nuclear Reactors? : The country is experiencing a boom in renewable energy, but some government officials are pushing instead for nuclear power to wean the nation off coal. Many of his statements have left some European nations vulnerable.', '2016-11-14': 'American Apparel Files For 2nd Bankruptcy : The clothing retailer is weighed down by intense competitive pressures and a rocky relationship with its founder. Donald Trump Dismisses Power Of The Press In First Post-Election TV Interview : “The bitterness toward the press is real, alive and deep,” says "60 Minutes" correspondent Lesley Stahl. Omni Is A New App That Will Do Everything For You — Poorly! : If your app isn\'t stretching itself thin, it doesn\'t love you. The opposite has happened since Mr. Trump\'s victory Tuesday. The bond market has sold off, sending interest rates higher. It would most likely vary widely among industries. Markets are already pricing in exactly those dynamics. And it is even more clear when you look to international currencies. Yet the stock market actually peaked two months later. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Instead it ticked upward slightly to 8.3 per cent. @ But the economic ones will not be the least important. Mr Trump seems likely to push it into its coffin. They would almost certainly be contrary to World Trade Organisation rules. His victory has already prompted nostalgic references to Ronald Reagan — whose election in 1980 was greeted with similar scepticism. The first is support for an open, international trading system.', '2016-11-15': "An Outcry Over Two Trump Advisers : Readers are incensed that Mr. Trump has turned to two men they regard as extremists: the former head of Breitbart News and a climate denier. House Democrats Delay Vote On Nancy Pelosi's Leadership Role : Some want her out. Most just can't make sense of Donald Trump’s win. Expect Medicaid to Change, but Not Shrivel, in New Administration : The incoming administration is poised to give states more leeway in running their programs, but some influential figures may balk at a broad rollback of Medicaid’s reach. Now lawyers there worry Trump will tear it apart. Sales growth, which in 2008 reached an annual rate well above 20 per cent, has been falling steadily in recent years and hit 10 per cent in October, according to National Bureau of Statistics data released on Monday. That it is unsurprising does not mean it is wise. United States markets ended the session mixed on Monday as interest rates continued to rise. Shares of Alphabet, the parent company of Google, slipped 2.4 percent. Investors were also pleased at the prospect of looser regulation and bigger profits. Harman makes products for connected cars including audio systems and safety and entertainment features.", '2016-11-16': 'Trump Team Is Mulling Muslim Registry And Planning Border Wall, Reported Adviser Says : A previous iteration of the plan was fiercely criticized by civil rights groups. The result has been a rise in real interest rates and inflation expectations, along with a strong stock market and a strong dollar. A crowded market is not the only thing banks have to contend with in the populous and diverse continent. Long-simmering tensions between Donald Trump and the Washington foreign policy establishment burst into the open yesterday after a respected former congressman quit the transition team and a leading neoconservative publicly warned colleagues not to join the incoming administration. @ Mr Christie was caught up in a scandal over the use of his office to punish political opponents. This is in no small part due to the social media platform that he started as an undergraduate, which is now one of the biggest global distributors of news. @ This has brought undoubted benefits to millions of users who can access information more readily than before. It has also brought with it responsibilities. @ Paytm congratulates Honorable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on taking the boldest decision in the financial history of\xa0independent India!” it read, accompanied by a full-length picture of the smiling leader. @', '2016-11-17': 'There are few things like a bull market to turn an investor’s head. What is going on between Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump? Mr Trump’s statements are often confusing and contradictory. But on Russia, he has been pretty consistent and clear. Republicans have long stoked rage they do not assuage. Mr Trump has taken this approach in new directions. @ A project to harness tides in the nearby bay offers a chance at rejuvenation. Here is where water systems are having the most trouble. Federal Reserve Executive Proposes a Way to Eliminate ‘Too Big to Fail’ Banks : On the surface, Mr. Kashkari’s plan would seem to be a tough sell in the new Trump administration, requiring banks to boost their capital by carrying steep costs. Syria war: Bombs fall like \'rain\' on eastern Aleppo - CNN : Syria war: Bombs fall like \'rain\' on eastern Aleppo, resident says : Story highlightsHeavy airstrikes pound Syrian city of Aleppo for third dayActivist group cautions death toll of 45 will likely grow  (CNN)At least 45 people were killed Thursday and dozens injured as airstrikes and barrel bombs pounded eastern Aleppo and rebel-held parts of the countryside, the Aleppo Media Center activist group said. Aleppo: Who still lives in this decimated city -- and why? " Read More"The situation is very, very difficult," he said. Many of these groups also oppose Syrian President Bashar al-Assad\'s regime. CNN\'s Kareem Khadder and Angela Dewan contributed to this report.', '2016-11-18': ': \xa0 WASHINGTON -- Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, said Thursday it was too soon to predict the economic impact of Donald J. Trump\'s election as the next president of the United States. I do think the economy is making very good progress toward our goals." Her term as chairwoman ends in February 2018. " And Republicans could provide a fresh jolt to economic growth. Ms. Maloney warned that Republican proposals would "lead to disaster." I\'m not sure that people in Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and other states would respond well to that suggestion," she said dryly. Photograph by Susan Walsh/Associated Press) (B4)Is it wise to pick a fight with your biggest creditor and trading partner? That is one of the more intriguing questions posed by the prospect of US President Donald Trump . First of all there are lasers measurements -- light-based, so we have information about the 3D objects around us." We also have precise positioning systems and optical speed sensors. It\'s more advanced than the conventional stability control ABS." What\'s the biggest cause of accidents at the moment? CNN : Can Europe survive the Trump effect? : Read MoreThey want the mirror effect to work for them, so that their visions can win. Obama is aware that much that he holds dear could be lost. Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!', '2016-11-19': "It is a truism that Donald J. Trump and his team will soon learn. And a fascinating example has emerged since the election, courtesy of global currency markets. It is a study in the kind of complex trade-offs that Mr. Trump rarely grappled with during his campaign but will face many times a day in the Oval Office. He pledged to eliminate them and create a resurgence in American manufacturing. He has also pledged tax cuts, infrastructure spending and deregulation. That set of policies has led markets to expect speedier economic growth and thus higher interest rates in coming years. When there are these kinds of disputes, the president has to decide. The tension between currency policy and trade policy is just one example. None of this is to say that these tensions are unsolvable, or that Mr. Trump won't overcome his lack of a policy background to arrive at good solutions. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Career Tip: Quit Social Media : Our increasing addiction to the constant stimulus of updates, likes and posts is damaging our ability to concentrate deeply and focus on work that matters. Anti-Militant Former General Is Pick for National Security Adviser : Michael T. Flynn, the choice for national security adviser, fears that Islamic law is spreading in the United States and sees a “world war” with radical Islam. Weekend Roundup: Will Donald Trump End the New Cold War? :", '2016-11-20': 'Angela Merkel announces run for fourth term  - CNN : German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces run for fourth term  : Story highlightsAngela Merkel says, "The coming election will be difficult" Chancellor notes pressure as a result of refugee crisis, Brexit vote (CNN)One of the world\'s most powerful leaders has announced her decision to run for office again. I pondered a lot about it," Merkel told reporters at a news conference in Berlin. " The decision for a fourth term after 11 years is anything ... (but) trivial, not for the country and not for the party, and I say it consciously also for me personally." " There\'s also lot of uncertainty with regard to Brexit. Merkel was elected Chancellor in 2005, becoming the country\'s first female leader. The daughter of a Protestant minister, she was brought up in communist East Germany. Merkel welcomes President Barack Obama to Berlin last week. Stores Await Black Friday and Court Mulls Merger   : What’s ahead this week: The Justice Department is challenging the deal between two of the nation’s health largest insurers, saying it would be bad for customers. Airlines Offer "Low" Fares -- So Why Do You Still Feel Ripped Off? : If the words "price transparency" don\'t make your eyes glaze over, then you\'re probably one of the hundreds of thousands', '2016-11-21': "Repealing Obamacare With No Replacement Will Cause Chaos, Obama's Health Chief Warns : Republicans want us to trust they can come up with something better in two years. The insurance market could collapse while we wait. A change in its leadership changed all that. The city has been a top-three venue in all but one of the past 10 years. The data seemed to vindicate official measures announced last month to restrain individuals from buying homes and developers from borrowing money. The incoming president has pledged to punish Beijing for allegedly unfair trade and currency policies. @ It said Cfius had cited “unresolved US national security concerns” related to the planned transaction, and remedies proposed by the parties did not adequately address these concerns. The Obama administration has two weeks to make a final ruling. Donald Trump’s stunning electoral defeat of Hillary Clinton marks a watershed not just for American politics, but for the entire world order. Defusing tension with a nuclear-armed rival is a laudable goal. A Hive of Growth, Dallas Flirts With Bankruptcy : Decades of faulty assumptions by pension officials have left the city struggling with more pension debt, relative to its resources, than any major American city except Chicago.", '2016-11-22': 'Focus on Generals for Top Jobs Stirs Worries on Military Sway : Turning to retired officers worries national security experts and even other retired generals, who say that it could lead to an undue emphasis on military force in foreign policy. Demand there is key to most metals, not least steel. China’s steel-hungry, private real estate market boomed following monetary loosening in 2014. The Fight To Overturn Citizens United: What Happens Now? : He is also alleged to have pepper-sprayed an onlooker who tried to intervene. @ Sanjiang said it had more than 1m members. Still, we can attempt to make sense of this scenario from three angles. Little surprise there: London has led several league tables in recent years. I cannot speak highly enough of Nancy Pelosi. She combines strong, progressive values with just extraordinary political skill. And she does stuff that\'s tough, not just stuff that\'s easy. I think she\'s a remarkable leader," Obama said. CNN\'s Ted Barrett contributed to this report. The benchmark S.&P. 500 closed up 16.3 points, or 0.75 percent, to 2,198.18. Many Syrian refugees attempting to reach Europe make the perilous sea journey from Turkey to Greece. Added to this is increased tensions over the refugee crisis. It is unclear how many have been held in total.', '2016-11-23': 'A potential host for Wanda’s backdoor listing in China has pulled out of talks, causing a headache for Wang Jianlin, China’s richest man, as he seeks to replace a poorly performing Hong Kong listing with the higher valuations offered in Shanghai and Shenzhen. @ That is, as far as US participation goes. In the end it worked out — but all has not been plain sailing. @ Is it time for the end of the world trade? @ Private investors flush with cash have provided these companies and others with billions in funding. Tech company initial public offerings in 2016 are at the lowest level since the 2009 crisis. But the general trend towards a greater private ownership of equity is likely to last. The availability of private capital of all sorts persists. At the same time, being public is hard work, in terms of reporting and pleasing restless markets. Clinton Now Leads Trump By More Than 2 Million Ballots In Popular Vote : And her lead is projected to continue increasing. Even Oil Companies In Europe Are Preparing For Climate Change : Meanwhile, the U.S. braces for a climate denier president and American companies lag far behind. Yet marketing is increasingly grappling with significant problems. Technological change has made the task harder still. He has now received an International Press Freedom Award.', '2016-11-24': 'Suddenly the beacon of fighting for fundamental rights of freedom may be in the hands of the Europeans. Climate Change This Week: Trumped By Climate, Record Solar Surge, and More! : Today, the Earth got a little hotter, and a little more crowded. Instead of holding out and waiting, we locked it in," he said. Does it raise the cost of buying a home?" If mortgage rates go up by half a percent, that\'s not going to make them change their minds." He expects that trend to continue through next year as rates stay at this level or inch higher. He thinks housing activity is heading for a fall. For those looking to purchase a home, different types of loans may become more appealing. AuthorAffiliation PATRICIA COHEN and CONOR DOUGHERTY Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter: @PatcohenNYT Photograph Luis Solis, of Realty One Group, Outside of the Home in Phoenix That He Is Selling. Such a policy puts it directly at odds with EU members. Colombia and Rebels Sign New Peace Accords : After a previous deal was rejected last month in a referendum, the president signed modified accords that will instead go to Congress, which his governing coalition controls. In the Autumn Statement this week the chancellor will set out this new direction. The site went for HK$13,500 ($1,740) per square foot — similar to the going rate for completed apartments nearby.', '2016-11-25': "An “outstanding” performance in the Americas and “renewed growth” in China for Rémy Cointreau’s Cognac business have handed the company a strong first half to the year, writes Peter Wells. @ The French spirits maker said the performance was boosted by its high-end products and a positive foreign exchange effect, and has stuck to its operating profit guidance for the fiscal year. @ In the past few weeks something we always knew to be true, but which we preferred to overlook for convenience’s sake, is proving harder to ignore. The fact is that digital services are not free, they never were and that any entity from Silicon Valley that ever claimed they could be did so only because it suited their agenda or that of someone else. @ Think of all the free digital services you use every day without paying a penny: email, travel apps, social media, YouTube, search, Wikipedia. If you had to pay for all of them, how many would you use? @ After falling to the lowest level since 2009 to $13,085 a tonne in January, tin is trading at $21,400 a tonne. The Big Lesson From 2016 Is That Neither Party Has A Winning Vote Coalition : The Obama coalition turned out to be pretty weak, but Trump's might be even weaker. Middle East: Iran and Assad, Fathers of ISIS? : Iran’s military forces and operations in Syria are significantly more than what has been generally reported so far.", '2016-11-26': 'Fidel Castro Dies at 90; Cuban Revolutionary Who Defied the U.S. : Mr. Castro brought the Cold War to the Western Hemisphere, bedeviled 11 American presidents and briefly pushed the world to the brink of nuclear war. Did Facebook Really Elect Trump President? : Facebook has a fake news problem, a rampant epidemic of phony and outrageous headlines in which a fraction-of-a-penny-per-click gets traded for lies. President Obama Offers Cubans \'Hand Of Friendship\' After Fidel Castro\'s Death : Obama restored diplomatic relations with the island nation after decades of mutual enmity. Serial Killer Jailed For Murdering 4 Gay Men He Met Online : "These evil crimes have left entire families, a community and a nation in shock. "Donald Trump Says He Will Do All He Can To Help Cuban People : The President-elect vowed to help boost freedom and prosperity for Cuban people after the death of Fidel Castro. Soda Taxes Gain Acceptance, City by Revenue-Hungry City : Following successful measures on Election Day, advocates believe more cities will consider them, not just to fight obesity, but also to bring in more money. Democrats See a Last Faint Hope for a U.S. Senate Seat : Foster Campbell, a Democrat, is not expected to beat Republican John N. Kennedy in Louisiana, but that hasn’t stopped Democrats from around the country from one final push.', '2016-11-27': 'Donald Trump Still Thinks Climate Change Is \'A Bunch Of Bunk\' : His presidency will likely be disastrous for global efforts to mitigate climate change. Despite The Ugliness, I Am Staying Hopeful In Trump\'s America : People who already have hatred in their hearts now have permission to say it out loud. Sad," Trump tweeted early Sunday morning. When you have bagged, on average, more than 50 tigers a year for three years running, the public expects the skins to keep coming. But that is easier said than done, even in a country where corruption flourished as much as it did before the launch of President Xi Jinping’s unprecedented anti-corruption campaign in 2013.Kellyanne Conway: Supporters Will Feel \'Betrayed\' If Trump Picks Romney As Secretary Of State : The president-elect\'s campaign manager is now officially against Mitt Romney\'s nomination for the post. It is a substantive victory built on belief," Fillon said as he spoke to supporters after his win. " We have all the assets to be a modern, sovereign nation in the lead in Europe. It is time to end it and start moving forward as we have never done in 30 years. He has also spoken of cutting public spending, abolishing the wealth tax, reducing immigration and investing billions in security, defense and justice. As a Catholic from Le Mans, a city in northwest France, Fillon symbolizes the traditional provincial right.', '2016-11-28': 'Something Besides Trump’s Hands That Is Way Too Small : It’s exciting to see some pundits recognizing that Trump won partly because people thought he had big plans to rebuild theSorry, But Pelosi\'s Fundraising Won\'t Save The Democrats : In district after winnable district, Nancy Pelosi has been tied like a rock around the neck of Democratic hopefuls and incumbents alike. So much time and money will be spent — same result! As a Donald J. Trump presidency looms, fixing it is a top priority. ‘ That places trusts second only to commercial banks and ahead of insurance companies and securities brokerages. @ They’ll look around for other markets, and their attention is bound to shift to Europe. CIUDAD DEL CARMEN, Mexico -- The town that oil built is emptying out. " The central bank raised interest rates this month, citing "heightened uncertainty." The pair followed up with a visit to London. They never saw a Pemex implosion in the way it occurred." What I can say and demonstrate is the company\'s solidity." They were being courted like the homecoming queen. Budget cuts have halted exploration for next year. For decades, Pemex made many people very rich.', '2016-11-29': 'Stock Traders Are Betting on Big Stimulus Spending. The dream,  finally, of a free Cuba : The trade embargo has failed. Top Republican Advises Democrats To Just Chill On Trump\'s Conflicts Of Interest : Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy says all these investigations lately have been a "bad thing. "‘ I would not describe Barack Obama as an instinctive dealmaker." Read More"That would set them up pretty well," he said. " They\'re asking them to pass something that\'s basically a fifth or less of that, and if they stick to that architecture, that\'s a lot less objectionable to people." Get CNN\'s "Party People" podcast at CNN, Stitcher, TuneInRadio or iTunes. President Bashar al-Assad’s forces seized a wide swath of rebel territory in the embattled Syrian city of Aleppo, spurring the flight of tens of thousands of civilians amid intense fighting that threatens the collapse of the opposition’s last major urban stronghold. @ This is only the fifth time in the WTO’s history that it has defined a subsidy as “prohibited”. Trump Voters Are Twice As Likely As Clinton Voters To Think Their Finances Will Improve In 2017 : But Clinton voters are more likely to say things got better over the past year.', '2016-11-30': "Immigrants in Jail Put Rights Case to Justices : The number of these detainees is likely to swell if President-elect Donald J. Trump follows through on his pledge to deport millions of unauthorized immigrants. Those of us who saw the EU referendum campaign up close have been well prepared for the possibility of a Trump victory. Three-to-one shots happen all the time — or at least, about a quarter of the time. Giant shield slides into place over Chernobyl's damaged reactor  - CNN : Giant shield slides into place over Chernobyl's damaged reactor  : Story highlightsA giant hangar-like shield has been slid over Chernobyl's damaged reactor to secure the site  The shield is reportedly the largest moveable, land-based structure ever built (CNN)It can withstand a tornado and is so massive it could house Paris' famed Notre-Dame Cathedral. The goal is to eventually safely dismantle the damaged structure underneath. Ethics Agency Trolls Donald Trump With Bizarre Tweets : “Brilliant! Divestiture is good for you, very good for America!” Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. There's a reason lawmakers both love and hate it. Over 30 Cyber Monday Deals You Can Still Get : Black Friday and Cyber Monday may be over but the deals are still going strong during Cyber Week.", '2016-12-01': 'House Overwhelmingly Approves a Sweeping Health Measure : The bill would increase funding to fight cancer and other diseases, address weaknesses in the nation’s mental health systems and help combat prescription drug addictions. Will Trump\'s PR Triumph At Carrier Mean The Democratic Party\'s Demise? : President-elect Trump scored a remarkable PR victory by saving 1,000 of the 2,100 jobs that Carrier and it’s parent companyCongress Takes Aim At Gag Clauses In Form Contracts : Consumer advocates and marketing experts argue that gag clauses actually make businesses worse off. It was not clear whether the double announcement was a deliberate move by the government or a coincidence. November Was A Bad Month For Arctic Sea Ice. " Both Trump And Obama Moved Quickly To Save Indiana Jobs. The public relations element of the presidency matters, as Donald Trump is showing. Although some potential hazards were identified, the review panel found that the risks were not great enough to stop the HFEA implementing the legislation. It recommended approval of mitochondrial therapy for “cautious use in specific circumstances”. The Shanghai Composite, which tracks stocks on the mainland’s biggest exchange, has been gradually rising since May. There is an option to extend the agreement until the end of 2017. @ That led to a crash in prices that shook the industry and roiled oil-reliant economies. Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening!', '2016-12-02': 'Bergdahl, Branded a ‘Traitor’ by Trump, Seeks a Pardon From Obama : Lawyers for Sergeant Bergdahl are concerned he would not get a fair trial under President-elect Donald J. Trump, who has called him a “no-good traitor. ” Others say such concerns are “way overboard. ” We have a shared responsibility to ensure international security and stability and to strengthen disarmament regimes,” Mr Putin said in his annual state of the nation address on Thursday. “ We cannot forget about this for a second. ” China cancelled a diplomatic meeting after the visit. @ But it may not be worth the hand-wringing.: The central bank raised interest rates two weeks ago and cut its growth forecast. Congratulations @sarahjolney1 and @LibDems. CNN\'s Milena Veselinovic contributed to this report. The unnamed pilot of the Robin DR400/180 Régent aircraft charted a complex course that spelled "hello" on  Flightradar 24. There was also the time where the pilot decided to draw an airplane. This plane drawing also caused amusement. Advent In 2016: Not Normal, Not Now, Not To Come : It was a perfect storm that elected Donald Trump.', '2016-12-03': 'Why You Need Social Media : Patrick Gillooly of Monster takes issue with Cal Newport, who recently urged professionals to quit social media. Investors also bought bonds, sending their yields down. The dollar also weakened as investors expected less inflation. The Labor Department said employers added 178,000 jobs in November as hiring continued at a steady pace. Lower interest rates mean banks cannot make as much money from lending. Benchmark United States crude added 62 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $51.68 a barrel in New York. Kevin Johnson, the president and chief operating officer, will take over as chief executive. The human resources software company Workday gave a weak forecast. Major indexes around the world retreated. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Departing occupants of the White House rarely hand off an improving economy to a successor from the opposing party. For others, the prospects do not look good. " Those kinds of jobs are very difficult to find today." But there are limits to the power of persuasion. More than 80 percent of jobs are now in the service industry, Ms. Stevenson said, and Mr. Trump should be thinking more about how to match workers with those jobs. " He mentioned a particular need for workers in accounting, information technology, call centers, warehousing and office and professional services. The Unemployment Rate Fell to 4.6 Percent. (', '2016-12-04': 'Putin Praises Trump, Says President-Elect Will Understand New Responsibilities : “Because he achieved success in business, it suggests that he is a clever man. " Austria election: Far-right nationalist Hofer admits defeat - CNN : Austria election: Far-right nationalist Hofer admits defeat : Story highlightsVan der Bellen has 53.6% of the vote, exit polls by state broadcaster ORF show"I am incredibly sad it didn\'t work out," Hofer said in a concession statement (CNN)Austria\'s far-right presidential candidate Norbert Hofer has admitted defeat in an election rerun after exit polls showed an apparent win for his left-leaning rival. I am incredibly sad it didn\'t work out," Hofer wrote in a concession statement on Facebook. " I would have loved to look after Austria. We are all Austrians, no matter what we decided today. \'" I have always campaigned for a pro-European Austria. This is about values: freedom, equality and solidarity. They have real concerns that have to be taken seriously by the president." We had the Brexit referendum in Britain and the election of Donald Trump in America," he said. The whole of #Europe has heaved a sigh of relief." FM #Steinmeier on the outcome of the Presidential election in #Austria. # CNN\'s Laura Goehler, Atika Shubert and Milena Veselinovic contributed to this report. Mexico to Sell Oil Blocks as Aetna Defends Merger : Petróleos Mexicanos is seeking capital and expertise to develop deepwater reserves.', '2016-12-05': 'Beijing’s infamous smog spiked on Sunday despite draconian measures in surrounding cities to reduce persistent pollution during the winter in northern China. @ Beijing lodged a formal protest and many commentators expect further repercussions. @ Their relief over the Austrian vote was short lived. The stage is slowly being set for a possible Itexit. The agreement to cut production from January by 1.2m barrels a day raised prices on the world market by almost 10 per cent. What should investors and consumers make of all this? First, consider the modesty of the increase in prices. The market is obviously sceptical about delivery. Will Iran limit its production when it desperately needs increased output and revenue to sustain its economy? China views Taiwan as a renegade province. @ On Saturday, messages about the call were quickly deleted from WeChat, China’s ubiquitous smartphone app. Some have suggested that we give the presidentResistance Begins At Home: Fighting Federal Immigration Policy On The Local Level : Eight years ago when President Obama was running for office, his campaign promised “hope and change,” and uplifted many whoNew Yorkers Seem To Be Warming Up To Donald Trump : A majority of the state voted for Hillary Clinton, but the president-elect is becoming more popular among residents. And people with pre-existing conditions will still get coverage.', '2016-12-06': 'China has muscled its way into investment in Mexico by grabbing two deepwater oil blocks as part of an auction considered the jewel in the crown of the country’s energy reform, in a move that boosts the two nations’ sometimes testy economic ties. @ Perhaps the most important among all the many uncertainties surrounding the economic policy of the Trump administration are those related to trade and protection. Last week, trade issues moved to centre stage in the transition. Since then, ferocious Russian bombing and the siege of rebel enclaves, alongside a string of offensives spearheaded by Lebanese, Iraqi and Afghan Shia fighters deployed by Iranian revolutionary guards, have expanded the rump state to defensible perimeters. @ We were happy to be more popular and that people will know about us.” @ American Treasuries followed European bonds lower, sending yields up. Major European and United States stock markets were all slightly higher as well. The negative reaction would not just be with Monte dei Paschi." Problems at Italian banks could spread across the eurozone. That prospect undermines the creditworthiness proposition underlying Italian bonds." Italy\'s national debt is equal to 136 percent of gross domestic product. But the increase is a sign that investors consider the bonds to be more risky. AuthorAffiliation JACK EWING Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter @JackEwingNYT.', '2016-12-07': 'China’s foreign exchange reserves fell by nearly $70bn last month as the country’s central bank burned through more of its war chest in the fight to defend the renminbi from greater depreciation on the back of accelerating capital outflows. @ The fifth consecutive monthly fall indicates growing difficulty for policymakers. Chinese regulators have intensified their crackdown on insurers’ use of high-risk, high-return products, which are often used to fund corporate deals. @ That means considering a broader range of industries than it has been targeting. Dr. Michael Hasenstab is executive vice president, portfolio manager and chief investment officer of Templeton Global Macro. Why does Angela Merkel suddenly want to ban the veil? - There is even a special word for it: "willkommenskultur. " But the numbers began to strain social services. Read MoreThen came New Year\'s Eve in Cologne. The latter campaigned on a promise to stop immigration and won 20% of the vote. Merkel is staring down the barrel of arguably the most important vote of her life. At the end of her speech, Merkel received a standing ovation and sustained rounds of applause that lasted for 11 minutes. You look at the sun and you look at your four electric motors turning the propellers and you have no noise, no pollution, no fuel and you know you can fly forever ... it\'s the wonders and miracles that clean technologies can achieve."', '2016-12-08': 'Kellyanne Conway Slips Up, Implies Trump White House Will Be Terrible Place For Women : There\'s a sad subtext to her comments about why she won\'t officially join the administration. Will The Supreme Court Give Trump The Power To Lock You Away Indefinitely? : The human tragedy is heartbreaking," he said. UK agencies must work within domestic law. These relationships are long lasting, and the personal bonds between us are strong. They do this through means as varied as cyber-attacks, propaganda or subversion of democratic process. " He has held various overseas postings, most notably as the ranking officer in Afghanistan. China’s top statistician has acknowledged the country’s problems with falsification of economic data, pledging severe punishment for perpetrators in a nod to widespread suspicion that official numbers often fail to reflect true economic conditions. @ “ Most prominent are concerns about gross domestic product figures. The dominant regime in financial markets was clearly one of rising risk of deflation. Events are testing the eurozone yet again. Italy, which has the eurozone’s third-largest economy, is an important country. This extreme weakness of demand should not have happened. As recently as 2000, a mere 1.7 per cent of mainland Chinese were online. Whether this investment will reverse the trend of falling revenues, however, remains to be seen. @ The most powerful person in China may not be its strongman president, Xi Jinping, but rather US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen. @ Picture it: rumours of a renminbi devaluation keep growing.', '2016-12-09': 'State-sponsored propaganda, fake news and subversion pose a “fundamental” threat to the sovereignty of the UK and its allies, according to the chief of Britain’s Secret Intelligence Service. @ We are buying ships from Indonesia, aeroplanes from Korea, ships from Korea. The quality of classroom teaching is the most important aspect of any plan to improve education standards. The US and its allies prospered greatly from it and are immeasurably more secure than in the prewar world, when we tried to isolate ourselves with, among other follies, protectionist trade policies. @ The US is still a leading manufacturer but fewer Americans are employed in those industries. Most lost manufacturing jobs were made obsolete by technology innovations. I’ve noticed a change in my morning reading habits. New Twitter Attack Draws Fire : Donald J. Trump’s Twitter attacks on a leader of a blue-collar union local have raised concerns about how the president-elect will behave after he takes office. United States government bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.41 percent from 2.34 percent. European stocks climbed for the second day in a row. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( Ohh, Trump Drained The Swamp So The CEO Bridge To The White House Was Clear! :', '2016-12-10': 'Donald Trump Favors Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson For Secretary Of State : Rudy Giuliani was taken off the shortlist earlier on Friday. Every day, I turn on the news and learn somethingMurdoch\'s New Sky Bid Should Be Probed, UK Opposition Politicians Say : “This is yet again a threat to media plurality. " And Wall Street is bordering on the ecstatic. Much of the swelling confidence, to be sure, is markedly one-sided. Corporate power has increased at the expense of labor\'s. Possibly even their race or ethnicity, considering the president-elect\'s attacks on immigrants and Muslims. With unemployment falling and wage gains picking up in the last couple of years, Democrats were growing much more upbeat about the economy. But that drop was not enough to offset the Republican surge. " Is it just two ships passing in the night?" And this is as big a change happening all at once -- I\'ve been in finance for, I don\'t know, 45 years? I think the economy is not in a bad position now. My hope is that it is going to grow and be strong." Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in the Morning Briefing newsletter. Photograph Shoppers at a Black Friday Sale at a Jewelry Store in Austin, Tex.', '2016-12-11': 'Democrats Are Not Very Excited About The Future Of Their Party : The 2016 election has dimmed Democrats\' optimism, and cheered up the GOP.‘SNL’ Version Of Angela Merkel Is Not Happy Donald Trump Is Time’s ‘Person Of The Year’ : "It kind of undermines the honor for me. "Bipartisan Anger Grows Over Russian Interference Into U.S. Election : Republican and Democratic senators say it must not become a "partisan issue. "U.S. and Seoul Turbulent, North Korea Holds Back : South Korea, in the wake of the vote to impeach its president, may choose a new leader who pursues a more open diplomacy with the North. Candidate  Steeped in Oil and Deals : Mr. Tillerson, Exxon Mobil’s chief executive and a secretary of state candidate, has a relationship with Russia that could be both a strength and his Achilles’ heel.', '2016-12-12': 'Pew research conducted in the Fall of 2015 showed that trust in Washington was at an all-time low of 19%.McConnell Makes Magical Promise To Insure More People Than Obamacare : With no plan to replace the Affordable Care Act, the Senate majority leader still plans to repeal it next month, then eventually "do better" than the ACA.Former Acting CIA Director Calls Russian Interference In Election \'The Political Equivalent Of 9/11\' : “A foreign government messing around in our elections is, I think, an existential threat to our way of life," he said. Cutting methane could be the fastest route to mitigating climate change. But after early success, progress has been slow. A Fitful Commitment to Halting Executions : It takes the votes of five justices to halt an execution, a practice that seemed to be on the upswing. When you see infrastructure spending being promoted … you  also see tax cuts on businesses. … Xi Jinping is heading to the World Economic Forum in Davos. China may grab the opening to move centre stage. @ Power is no longer where we thought it was. It has barely budged since, ranking eighth this year. I don’t believe it,” he told Fox News yesterday. @', '2016-12-13': 'Trump Taps Exxon CEO Tillerson As Top U.S. Diplomat : “Mr. Tillerson’s cozy ties to Vladimir Putin and Russia would represent an untenable conflict at the State Department. ” Chief of Exxon Is Trump’s Pick for State Dept. : India Hobbles Through a Cash Crisis, and Electronic Payments Are Booming : Millions of Indians are moving toward a cashless economy, fulfilling what Prime Minister Narendra Modi now says was an objective of banning 500- and 1,000-rupee notes. Follow @cnnsport  However, Amnesty International\'s report "New Name, Old System?" For some of the workers who spoke to us, it can feel like a living nightmare. The Qatari government has announced new projects to provide better accommodation. So say investors, who have fully priced in a quarter-point rise. The stand-off is terribly dangerous already, and will grow worse. Stronger international engagement is needed — now. @ Experts believe that North Korea possesses more than 20 nuclear bombs. The US and its allies could not and should not tolerate this. Second, backing these warnings with heavier sanctions. This prompted a robust response from Beijing. US dependence on Taiwanese manufacturing runs deep.', '2016-12-14': 'Journalist Alleges Roger Ailes Harassed Her In Fox News Job Interview : Lidia Curanaj believes she wasn\'t hired after rejecting the former Fox News chairman\'s advances. Jeff Sessions Omitted Failed Nomination To Be A Judge From Senate Questionnaire : That\'s only one of several items missing from his file before the Senate Judiciary Committee. The tree has taken some shaking this year. Samsung has been burnt by the furore around the exploding Galaxy Note 7. @ A particular challenge for Chinese challengers is that the authorities may prevent them making too many waves. @ Assets have also grown quickly, to nearly $20bn. @ Their impact on mighty rivals has thus been negligible. So-calledHave Rural Communities Lost The Right To A Safe, Legal Abortion? : By CNBC.Com\'s Leslie Shaffer; Follow her on  Twitter @LeslieShaffer1  Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Read More"This is the first time we have ever measured a wave of 19 meters. The Dow finished at a record high for the seventh consecutive trading day. Basic materials and industrial companies traded slightly lower. Investors expect the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates when it ends a policy meeting on Wednesday. Global markets are gearing up for a Trump boom. The biggest threat will come from the US Federal Reserve. That was because it anticipated continued fiscal retrenchment.', '2016-12-15': 'The Center for Strategic and International Studies said\xa0satellite images\xa0seemed to show large anti-aircraft guns, anti-missile systems and radar facilities on the reclaimed islands in the South China Sea, which are also claimed by Taiwan, Vietnam and the Philippines. @ While the credit surge has driven up debt indicators, it has not spurred GDP growth. Their cause is rather dictatorship of the majority. @ During the French Revolution, Robespierre threatened “les ennemis du peuple” with death. What could make more sense, then, than using it to attack courts directly?China is threatening to fine a US automaker for monopolistic behaviour in what some analysts are calling a warning by Beijing in response to heightened tension with the incoming US administration of president-elect Donald Trump. @ One technique is to lay down living cells through a miniaturised 3D printer. There has been an estimated net outflow of about $530bn in the year to October. The Brazilian real and the Mexican peso dropped 1.1 per cent and 1 per cent respectively. Asian currencies are also expected to log losses when trading opens across the Pacific in a few hours. The previous record was set December 22, 2008 -- also against the Packers. The kickoff temperature was 2 degrees, with a frigid -13 wind-chill temperature. Chicago is poised to break that record Sunday. Photos showed cars strewn across snow-covered roads and trucks spun out at odd angles. Sorry travelers...HWY 20 near Hoodoo closed again for 3rd avalanche.', '2016-12-16': 'Russia to US: Prove campaign hacking claims or shut up - CNN : Russia challenges US to prove campaign hacking claims or shut up : Story highlightsDmitry Peskov said US accusations of hacking "look unseemly" without proofUS intelligence agencies have pinned blame on Russia for election-related hacking (CNN)The United States must either stop accusing Russia of meddling in its elections or prove it, a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday. " They should either stop talking about that or produce some proof at last. ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHIs this the new Cold War? They were the same people telling us, "no, no, it cannot possibly be true." Intelligence expert tells White House, Trump to \'shut up\'CNN\'s Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report. President-elect Donald Trump was credited in part for capitalizing on energized white voters to propel him to White House. Look at what Paul Ryan has been able to do," she said. " Get CNN\'s "Party People" podcast at CNN, Stitcher, TuneInRadio or iTunes. The spat highlights the\xa0souring of relations between two traditional allies. Japan’s holdings fell by $4.5bn to $1.13tn for the same period. @ Think of US energy companies, holders of Russian roubles or Wall Street banks. It was also an appreciation welcomed by Beijing. @ We\'ve Got A Month Until Inauguration Day.', '2016-12-17': "Evidence of Graft Paints Congo’s Leader Into a Corner as His Term Ends : Officials and others say Mr. Kabila, days away from his scheduled exit, has looted millions of dollars in public assets, with potential repercussions that could make him try to stay in power. Gunmen in Kandahar Kill 5 Women : With the Taliban making gains in their insurgency and seizing control of territory from the government, opportunities for women in the Afghan work force have shrunk. Free Money for the Jobless : Finland will soon hand out cash to 2,000 jobless people, free of bureaucracy or limits on side earnings. The idea, universal basic income, is gaining traction worldwide. Bids for Coffee With Ivanka Trump Are Shut Down as Questions Swirl : The auction had raised questions over the ethics of a process that appeared to offer the highest bidder special access to the next first family. Uber Escalates War With Regulators Over Self-Driving Cars : Uber says the California DMV doesn't understand its own rules about driverless cars. Russian Hacking May Have Helped Trump Win, but Russians Don't Really Care : Meanwhile, the president-elect says maybe this wasn’t such a bad thing for America.", '2016-12-18': "Protests in Poland amid a worsening political crisis - CNN : Protests grow in Poland as political crisis deepens : Story highlightsAnti-government demonstrators block the parliament buildingOpposition lawmakers try to halt proceedingsThe interior minister calls it an attempt to seize powerWarsaw, Poland (CNN)A bitter political crisis in Poland worsened over the weekend with heated protests both in and outside the nation's parliament and a swirl of allegations of attempted coups and threats to democracy. But to its critics, the campaign's real goal is to undermine the basic principles of democracy and try to turn the Central European country into a one-party state once again. Protesters have vowed to take to the streets again to keep the pressure on the government. The party also enjoys an outright majority in the Polish parliament, so it is free to do what it wants and enact any legislation it deems necessary. Matthew Day is a freelance journalist based in Warsaw. Buses Burned During Evacuation Of Syrian Villages, Monitor Says : Several vehicles sent to evacuate the ill and injured from besieged villages were destroyed. Russia had vowed to block a previous resolution, but diplomats said they had reached an agreement.", '2016-12-19': "Masayoshi Son, the risk-addicted billionaire who built Japan’s SoftBank into a global internet powerhouse, is a man who moves fast to seize whatever he has set his eyes on. @ It was the largest Asian takeover of a British company. But on November 8, Mr Modi set off a “big bang” that caught most Indians totally off-guard. One of the startling features of Anglo-American capitalism is that corporate investment remains so low when profits are so high. It is easier to cling to what you have than to bet on something new. The evacuation of eastern Aleppo stalled again on Sunday after a convoy heading for two government-controlled towns came under attack by rebel forces. @ Global growth will improve next year but remain under its long term trend,” said Gregory Daco, an economist with Oxford Economics. “ A total of 744 were built, the last of those in 1962. The eight-engine jets have a range of 8,800 miles. First delivered to the Air Force in 1956, the C-130 remains one of the service's most important airlift platforms. Armaments on the Spectre include 40mm and 105mm cannons. It is used to move troops in and out of operations as well as resupply units in the field. Flying at altitudes around 70,000 feet, pilots must wear pressure suits like those worn by astronauts.", '2016-12-20': 'Market Rampage Puts Chancellor in Perilous Spot : German officials, citing a lack of evidence, freed their initial suspect in the assault that killed 12, and continued to search for an attacker that the militant group said had acted on its behalf. Not once in his campaign did he mention the word Taiwan. On Sunday China agreed to return an underwater drone it had seized from a US naval vessel. China accused him of “overhyping” the incident. Next time, Beijing is unlikely to let him off the hook so easily. @ Global electric vehicle sales are at an inflection point where exponential growth beckons, similar to the adoption of solar panels a few years ago. And it is an emerging market, China, that is leading the way. @ This provides great opportunities for co-operation. ” Rejoice at the demise of a poorly motivated deal. Individual holdings cannot amount to more than 5 per cent, half the previous level. The smog has lasted over three days in many areas. @ Yet it is an embarrassment and a blow to her previously unblemished reputation for managerial competence. Judge Declares Mistrial In Case Of Ex-Cop Who Killed Unarmed Driver In 41-Shot Barrage : Another disproportionately white jury, another failed conviction effort in a police shooting case.', '2016-12-21': "Death Sentences Decline In U.S. As Public Attitudes Shift : The number of new death sentences in 2016 is expected to hit 30, a low not seen since the U.S. Supreme Court declared existing death penalty statutes unconstitutional in 1972.Obamacare Enrollments Exceed 6 Million, Outpacing Last Year's Sign-Ups : Just in time for Donald Trump and the Republicans to repeal it. Boston Mayor Says Trump's Victory Is In Part Backlash To African-American Progress : He also said Obama's race factored into why Republicans were so intent on blocking his agenda. Chinese bond prices\xa0fell sharply last week after the US Federal Reserve indicated a faster pace of monetary tightening than markets had expected. There is a considerable cost which I don’t see an obvious way around,” says Peter Doyle, a former IMF economist. “ Obamacare Insurance Expansion Tied To Faster Emergency Care : “Alleviating this burden is a big deal, because minutes cut down traveling to the hospital can literally make the difference for whether a patient lives or dies. ” A series of big events shaped financial markets in 2016. Here is a selection of FT analyses and commentary, alongside charts, highlighting a tumultuous year. @ American Cities Losing The Most Jobs This Year : 2.", '2016-12-22': 'Brazilian Firm’s Secret Unit Paved the Way for Kickbacks : U.S., Brazilian and Swiss prosecutors say Brazil’s Odebrecht paid hundreds of millions of dollars to officials in 12 countries in a scheme lasting two decades. More than 350 flights were grounded in Beijing on Tuesday due to poor visibility. @ “ Progress on air pollution has been lots of talk and hardly any\xa0action for the past few years,” wrote Cheng Hai, a Beijing-based lawyer, in the preface to the lawsuit. Tom Perez Wants To Rebuild His Party Without Abandoning Obama. The secretary of labor is gearing up for a fight for the Democrats\' future. The actions collectively encompass 32 patents, according to Nokia. Read MoreSo why the cold words from Moscow? Russia annexed Crimea, a territory in the former Soviet republic of Ukraine, in 2014 following tensions with its neighbor. But violence continues in the conflict zone in eastern Ukraine, and 2016 has seen an increase in casualties. JUST WATCHED\'Are you truly incapable of shame?\'ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCH\'Are you truly incapable of shame?\' Moscow has steadfastly denied meddling in the US election. " But we do hope for constructive dialogue. " CNN\'s Matthew Chance, Alla Eshchenko and Adam Levine contributed to this report.', '2016-12-23': "Credit Suisse Settles DOJ Case Over Mortgage Securities For $5.3 Billion : The news came after Deutsche Bank agreed to a $7.2 billion settlement with the DOJ over its sale and pooling of toxic mortgage securities. Senator Says Trump Has 'Maturity Of A 5-Year-Old' -- Which Makes Nuke Talk Very Scary : Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.) says the apparent escalation of tensions after the president-elect's nuclear tweet terrifies him. Myanmar’s Struggle For Stability: Can India Be The Peace-Builder? : Britain is reopening a naval support facility in Bahrain, creating a permanent army presence in Oman and establishing new defence staff centres in Dubai and Singapore. @ This week’s opening in the city of Nanjing was originally slated for 2015 but the date was pushed back several times. The figure compares with the Justice Department’s opening request of $14bn. Fake it until you make it might be an apt slogan for some Chinese companies. Global brands from luxury goods makers to investment banks have frequently found their intellectual property stolen and copied in China. @ Alibaba is crying foul over the decision. We used to be good together back in 2004. Whether you use Yahoo or not, disabuse yourself immediately of any notion that this breach is like the last. The implications are worse and reach beyond the company. And it’s not just about the number of people affected. @ ran a headline in The Register, an industry rag, mocking the internet company’s corporate punctuation.", '2016-12-24': 'Stocks Could Suffer As Trump Trade Policy Takes Shape : The incoming administration is signaling Trump’s campaign promises to revisit trade deals and even impose a tax on all imports are very much alive. Weekend Roundup: The Berlin Attack Has Sealed The Political Fate Of Europe : The blow to German Chancellor Angela Merkel could spell the beginning of the end for a union with open borders. Trumps Hurry to Unscramble Business Ties : Mr. Trump has agreed to shut his charity, weighed a plan for an outside monitor to oversee the Trump Organization and ended some international business projects. Niceties Give Way to Turf War Between Obama and Trump : A Security Council vote on Israeli settlements in the West Bank is just the latest example of diverging opinions between President Obama and President-elect Donald Trump. Israeli Debate Returns Again to Palestinians : As Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seeks to move past the Palestinian conflict and improve regional relations, Mr. Trump’s views may bring the issue back to the fore. Russia Grounds Newest Airliner After Metal Raised Safety Fears : A regional carrier in Russia, IrAero, reported finding metal fatigue in a tail section of a new Sukhoi Superjet, the latest setback for the plane. Thousands Flee Coastal Villages As Typhoon Nock-Ten Nears Philippines : The category 4 typhoon is expected to make landfall later this weekend.', '2016-12-25': "Afghans Dismiss Female Pilot’s Safety Fears : Afghan officials said the case of Capt. Niloofar Rahmani, the first female fixed-wing pilot in the nation’s air force, should be rejected because her “life isn’t at risk. ” Dozens Shot in 2 Days in Chicago : The violence was the latest bloody chapter in a city where homicides and shootings have skyrocketed since last year, when the numbers were already high. Syria-Bound Russian Military Jet Crashes, Killing All 92 On Board : The TU-154 military aircraft crashed in the Black Sea near Sochi after disappearing from radar screens. Philippines Coast Guard spokesman Armand Balilo told CNN the storm had forced various ports to temporarily close. But he said travel was resuming in some parts and the number of stranded was expected to decrease in the coming hours. Rice, corn and coconut plantations will likely suffer severe losses. Haiyan killed more than 6,000 people and forced nearly 4 million people from their homes. CNN's Taylor Ward, Derek Van Dam, Susannah Cullinane and Jennifer Varian contributed to this report. I want you to know how much respect, affection, and gratitude I -- and I have no doubt millions more -- have for you.", '2016-12-26': "A workaday 15-storey office tower in the leafy suburbs of the Taiwanese capital is an unlikely venue for a diplomatic battle involving the world’s two most powerful men, Xi Jinping and Donald Trump. @ Vladimir Putin will look back on 2016 as an annus mirabilis. Putin’s military intervention in support of Bashar al-Assad has put his ally within sight of victory in the Syrian civil war. On every front, the tide of events appears to be flowing strongly in Putin’s direction. @ The source of this appeal is not difficult to understand. Yet this recovery is linked almost entirely to short-term external factors rather than long-term fundamentals. Russia is just pulling out of a two-year recession. Output contracted about 0.6 per cent this year. And they won’t be as delighted as you are with that virtual reality headset.: Here's a look at what's coming up this week. United States and European markets will be closed Monday for Christmas. The Conference Board will release its December consumer confidence report on Tuesday. Zach Wichter __________ JAPAN Insight on Bank of Japan's response to interest rates. Jack Ewing This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.", '2016-12-27': 'Trump’s Treasury Pick Excelled At Kicking Elderly People Out Of Their Homes : When Steven Mnuchin ran OneWest, the bank aggressively and in some cases, wrongly, foreclosed on elderly homeowners withRon Dermer, the Israeli ambassador to the US, has accused Barack Obama’s administration of “ganging up” on his country by orchestrating a UN resolution on Israeli settlements, in an unusually sharp attack on the outgoing leadership of its closest ally. @ He added that Israel would take evidence\xa0it had on the matter to the new administration of president-elect Donald Trump, who will assume office on January 20. @ “ If they want to share it with the American people, they are welcome to do it.” These Are The Lives That Obamacare Helped Save : Estimates show that the law has helped at least 20 million Americans get health insurance coverage. But that\'s sort of what the public voted for. I guess that was to my detriment," he said. He bought the New Jersey Generals and then he had the sports page, too," Madden added. " I purposefully blocked that out," Rothman responded. Get CNN\'s "Party People" podcast at CNN, Stitcher, TuneInRadio or iTunes. Several have financial ties to biotech businesses, potentially giving short shrift to health and environmental worries.', '2016-12-28': "5 Times The Sustainable Food Movement Won Big In 2016 : Despite recent victories, the incoming Trump administration will put activists to the test. Trump Is Already Taking Credit For The Economy. If and when a downturn happens, it'll be easier to blame him. A Look Back At 2016's Best, Worst And Ugliest Queer Political Moments : The LGBTQ community was hit hard over the last 12 months. The Best Way To Weaken Trump’s Presidency? Today, anyone with a phone can watch the news as they walk down the street. Cars guide motorists to their parking places and are beginning to drive themselves. Providing maps\xa0for autonomous cars requires a technological leap. A year ago you could not give steel mills away. Its steelmakers cut output, though only by necessity. Hot rolled coil lost the average plant Rmb200 ($29) a tonne. The impending fall of China has been confidently predicted for at least two decades. Relatively speaking China’s debt burden is not incongruously large. The International Monetary Fund registered its concern in June. The most pressing concerns over debt stem from the household sector. Mr Asif tweeted: “Israeli def min threatens nuclear retaliation presuming pak role in Syria against Daesh. But some worry about whether the weapons still work.", '2016-12-29': 'Amazon Refuses To Comply With Police Request In Arkansas Murder Case : Authorities are hoping the e-commerce giant\'s virtual assistant can provide a breakthrough. Sean Spicer: Trump Not Worried About Breaking Media Precedents : The incoming White House press secretary also said Trump understands media "probably better than anyone in modern American history. " Look to immigrants More people can make more stuff. The peak of the baby boom is nearing retirement age. There are about one million legal immigrants per year. But if you add in those extra people under this hypothetical, that rate would rise to 1 percent. But the pool may not be as large -- or have as much potential to improve growth -- as he suggests. Perhaps there is a broader lesson in all of this. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Of these worries, only the last is convincing. You might expect the answer to be very depressing. Manufacturing offers a particularly stark example of this. Once inside, the gang targeted the email accounts of senior partners who worked on mergers and acquisitions. China’s money has lost its currency — and not just in US dollar terms.', '2016-12-30': 'Cease-Fire in Syria Holds, Giving Hope to Peace Talks : A truce went into effect at midnight Thursday, but was marred by sporadic fighting even as it could lead to peace negotiations next month in Kazakhstan. However, flows into the newly available market reached just a fifth of their daily limit on its debut and have failed to match that since. @ Russia hits back at Obama with online insults - CNN : Russia hits back at Obama with flurry of online insults : Story highlightsBarbed tweets take aim at Barack Obama after US sanctions against RussiaRussia denies interfering with US election via hacking attacks on Democrats, Clinton campaign (CNN)Russia has retaliated quickly against the US\'s expulsion of its diplomats over alleged hacking attacks, with a series of pointed barbs aimed at the outgoing Obama administration. " RIP," he wroteWithin an hour the post had attracted 68 shares, 59 comments and 722 likes. Not by international terrorists, not by enemy\'s troops. " This year instead brought a healthy skepticism -- while the apocalypse hasn\'t arrived, leaner times are ahead. Of course, heavyweight start-ups had little trouble raising money. That includes new funds raised by venture capital giants like Andreessen Horowitz and Founders Fund. Snapchat\'s Parent Company Is Preparing to Go Public in 2017. ( All of my friends are disappointed and indignant. Donald Trump Praises Vladimir Putin: \'I Always Knew He Was Very Smart!\' :', '2016-12-31': 'Trump Ditches Press Again, This Time For Golf Outing : President-elect continues pattern of ignoring the transparency standards of recent decades. Bernie Sanders Warns Donald Trump Against Privatizing The VA : It would be “an insult to the more than 22 million veterans who risked their lives to defend our country. "Michigan Bans Banning Plastic Bags Because Plastic Bag Bans Are Bad For Business : Idaho, Arizona and Missouri have also sacked any local attempts to cut plastic pollution. U.S.-Russia Relations Are Increasingly Unpredictable -- And Syria Is On The Line : Trump\'s stance on the conflict may not be enough to push Putin\'s agenda. Scientists Stumped By Thousands Of Dead Fish Off Nova Scotia : The animals are being tested for diseases, toxins and infections.4 Thoughts I\'ve Had Before An Interview Based On Being Black And Female : I’m looking a little more disheveled than I intended to be and my god I can’t ever imagine the scrutiny if I ever decidedOn The Future Of The Democratic Party: Let Peter Buttigieg Run The Whole Thing : After a crushing and embarrassing electoral defeat in 2016, the Democratic Party is left teetering on the brink of irrelevancyClosing China’s Ivory Market: Will It Save Elephants? : If the Chinese government really commits to combating the ivory trade, then the price of ivory could collapse. Criminal organizations and poachers will then abandon the business.', '2017-01-01': "Some Publishers Are Not So Sure : AMP, a method of loading of mobile web pages more quickly, has raised concern among small publishers worried they are losing control of their content. G.O.P. Leadership Poised to Topple Obama’s Pillars : The most powerful and ambitious Republican-led Congress in 20 years plans quick action on several priorities — most notably to clear a path for the repeal of President Obama’s health care law. In a year, Turkey has gone from popular tourist destination to disturbingly dependable terror venue. At least 39 people were killed and 69 were wounded, Turkey's Interior Minister said. Authorities are still searching for the attacker. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted to Twitter. Hide Caption 12 of 19 Photos: Attack at Istanbul nightclubA medic reacts near the scene of the attack. Yet Erdogan shapes Turkey's destiny more than any other single person. They make up one fifth of Turkey's 80 million people. But their gains threatened Erdogan's grip on parliamentary power. As this was playing out, the war in neighboring Syria was heating up. Who Is Finished Paying Their 2017 Social Security Taxes? Extreme earnings inequality explains the Social Security shortfall because Social Security taxes are only collected on incomes below an earnings cap.", '2017-01-02': 'In Banning Ivory Trade, China Expects Benefits for Itself, Too : The decision to bring the world’s largest ivory market to a halt by the end of 2017 lets China burnish its image as a global guardian of the environment. High-Stakes Test for Carbon Capture : Progress has come in fits and starts, but supporters believe a new plant in Texas may provide a clear economic argument for fighting global warming. Americans are resolving to eat healthier, rev up their fitness routines, spend more time with familyThink that 2016 Was A Tough Year For Saudi Arabia? Wait Till You See 2017 : By James M. Dorsey 2016 was not a good year for Saudi Arabia. Both sidesDual Suicide Bombings Hit Police Stations In Iraqi City Of Samarra : The bombings add to a deadly day in Iraq after dozens were killed in Baghdad.', '2017-01-03': 'Donald Trump is expected to tap a longtime advocate of greater protectionism as his US trade representative in yet another signal that his administration is poised to enact the aggressive trade policies he advocated during the campaign into government. @ Chinese residents hoping to cash out of the renminbi will face a great wall of paperwork on Tuesday in a test of confidence for the currency as the annual quota for individuals’ foreign exchange purchases resets. @ The iPhone is 10 years old this month and smartphones are starting to show their age. And why would they, when almost every smartphone looks the same? @ This made for a slimmer profile and a distinctive look, albeit with some trade-offs in usability. For decades, US-based multinational companies have been building factories and making other substantial investments in China. The sector was in contractionary territory from March 2015 to June last year. Before he quit, Rogers was due to lead the UK\'s negotiations to leave the EU. @CER_London— Charles Grant (@CER_Grant) January 3, 2017 Huge loss. Sir Ivan Rogers knows his way round Brussels & without him to guide them ministers will flounder badly. But the prime minister\'s office said that did not reflect the government\'s view. The Foreign Office needs a complete clear out.— " We are grateful for his work and commitment over the last three years. "', '2017-01-04': "Amid Chaos, G.O.P. Presses On With Effort to Repeal Health Law : It was a rocky start to a period in which Republicans had promised an end to Washington gridlock if they controlled both Congress and the White House. Some want to add Turkish — and perhaps drop English. Financial historians looking back at 2016 will comment on what did not happen. So much for the chestnut about markets abhorring uncertainty. @ Trump has yet to enter office and the UK, so far from enacting Brexit, has yet to set the timetable for doing so. Once these and other events happen the possibility of disappointment arises. Will strategists be any better at forecasting this time around? But political upheavals were not restricted to the UK. This reduction is due to the forecast impact of Brexit. Furthermore, weak sterling and rising inflation will erode real wages. But for many Mexicans, life is the same struggle as ever. This situation is without historical precedent. Why Turkey is such a target for terror - CNN : Why Turkey is such a target for terror : Story highlightsInsecurity in Syria has crossed the border into TurkeyTurkey's post-coup purges have left a security vacuum  (CNN)An international airport bombed. The advance drew approval from Russia and air support from the United States. CNN's Muhammad Lila, Nic Robertson, Ian Lee and Rachel Clarke contributed to this report.", '2017-01-05': 'The GOP War With The Federal Workforce Will Hurt Black Workers The Most : African Americans are disproportionately employed in federal jobs.: Any real shift in the stance of monetary policy will require more clarity on the stance of fiscal policy." Officials instead spent the meeting talking about what comes next. The economy is expanding at roughly the pace Fed officials regard as sustainable. Two percent growth may be about as good as it gets. Faster growth will mean faster increases. He noted that the last rate hike would add $1 to the monthly payment on a $5,000 credit card balance. The unemployment rate fell to just 4.6 percent in November. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in the Morning Briefing newsletter. Photograph Janet L. Yellen, the Federal Reserve Chairwoman, in December. Minutes Released Wednesday Revealed Uncertainty About the Outlook Under Donald J. Trump. ( What is going to happen to the world economy this year? Much the most plausible answer is that it is going to grow. But consistent growth is a relatively recent phenomenon. One of the policy achievements since the second world war has been to make growth more stable. @ Now its decline appears to be inviting them back in. The GOP War With The Federal Workforce Will Hurt Black Workers The Most : African Americans are disproportionately employed in federal jobs.:', '2017-01-06': "Sean Spicer: Donald Trump Will Maintain 'Healthy Skepticism' On U.S. Intel : As the president-elect continues to insult national security officials, the incoming press secretary praised him for “asking the right questions. ” More Than $50,000 Raised In 1 Day For Teen Tortured On Facebook Live : The campaign has far exceeded its $10,000 goal. To soothe investors and Donald Trump, Apple has the App Store. Apple would also like it to mollify Mr Trump. More credit is indeed due on both counts. Shares in Apple were flat after the announcement. They had risen a reasonable 10 per cent in 2016 but have an undistinguished multiple of less than 13 times forward earnings. Experts say consumers have multiple scores, not just one. About 5,000 years old, it was popularised in the Qing Dynasty. Then, a funny thing happened to its sales: not much. This happened despite a sharp drop in the retail price. Some makers cut their own factory gate price. Heinz was about to shut the powdered baby milk plant that had sustained hundreds of Kendal’s working families as well as infants worldwide for 50 years.", '2017-01-07': 'Collapse of Atlantic Ocean Current Could Trigger Icy Apocalypse, Researchers Warn : "Engine" of the sea could sputter to a halt due to climate change. Industrial companies rose as investors hoped for greater economic growth. A federal jury ruled in March that Praluent infringes on two patents that belong to Amgen. Both are costly biotech drugs designed to be injected once or twice a month. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (: A president has only subtle ways of influencing either. There are also some ways in which this isn\'t a fair comparison. Here, Presidents Reagan and Clinton had a big advantage. And both presided during a time when baby boomers were in prime working years and women were entering the work force. That rate only counts people who are actively seeking work. What is less widely understood, though, is that this shift isn\'t some new phenomenon of the Obama era. But it has been more of a continuation of a long-term pattern than something new. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.', '2017-01-08': 'Mitch McConnell Doesn\'t Want Trump Cabinet Picks Held To Standard He Set For Obama : McConnell is shrugging off the very confirmation procedures he insisted on in 2009.Lindsey Graham Chastises Republicans Happy About Hacking: \'You\'re Not A Patriot\' : "When one party is compromised, all of us are compromised," the GOP senator said. A Reality Check for Virtual Reality : One of the most hyped technologies of 2016 has a way to go before it becomes mainstream, with product sales held back by high costs, ergonomic issues and other factors. Reformists in Iran Lose a Voice  That Countered the Hard-Liners : Mr. Rafsanjani, 82, was a main voice in Iran calling for outreach to the West. His death is also a reminder of a looming generational leadership change. if Putin Meddled, Trump Voters Ask : Supporters of President-elect Donald J. Trump have dismissed a report by U.S. intelligence officials accusing Russia of interfering in the election to undermine Hillary Clinton. Obama Says He Takes \'Some Responsibility\' For Democrats\' Loss Of Power : He feels good about the governing, but wishes he\'d done more politicking.', '2017-01-09': "Congressman Says He Mocked Democratic National Committee Hacking As A 'Harmless Joke' : A foreign country influenced our presidential election, LOL!Sen. The statement named electricity, petroleum, natural gas, railways, civil aviation, telecommunications and defence as the focus of mixed-ownership reforms. The Chinese leadership said to me ‘If you guys put an import duty on us we are going to do it on you’,” Ms Pritzker said. “ Chinese-owned technology companies have so far led the smartphone market in India. While 2016 was the year the unlikely became real, currency investors enter 2017 no better equipped to tell the difference between reality and illusion. @ Donald Trump takes the oath of office to become US president on January 20. By March’s end, UK prime minister Theresa May will have sent to the EU the letter that triggers the UK’s formal divorce proceedings, and revealed some element of her negotiating hand. So readers might look at our 2017 prognostications with disdain. Been in the #ClaphamJunction cattle shed for a good 45 mins now and I'm pretty sure I'm yet to pass halfway. Unions said in many cases trains were running but were not stopping at stations. Commuters take a shortcut through a construction site in London on Monday. Last minute talks failed to avert the 24-hour strike, which ends at 6 p.m. (1 p.m. ET). Frustrated commuters took to social media to share photographs of their  journey to work.", '2017-01-10': 'The Gender Gap In Computer Science Is Hurting U.S. Businesses : The United States has a computing-skills crisis that is holding back American companies and economic growth. Its major industries are electronics and oil refining. Some of them are being sorted out, some are sorted out very slowly, and it may take a while to talk about some of the problems." \' Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin respects Donald Trump exactly the same way Donald Trump respects Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin." Obstacles to changeAnother spoke of his admiration for Trump. I think they will be friends and everything will be fine. He does not want to go to war, he wants to make friends. In any case, the next one that China issues overseas will probably go to another centre, with Hong Kong under consideration. Judge Richard Gergel will formally sentence Roof on Wednesday at 9:30 a.m. ET. Several looked in the direction of the victims\' families. This is a very hollow victory, because my sister is still gone. But what I meant when I said that was, I felt like I had to do it, and I still do feel like I had to do it." But he also had suggested he\'d like to be spared. CNN\'s Martin Savidge and Khushbu Shah reported from Charleston. The company would not confirm the reductions. That followed a period of double-digit growth in 2015. Will China allow its currency to devalue by more than 10 per cent? @', '2017-01-11': "These Hardee's Workers Wound Up With Less Than Minimum Wage Under Trump's Labor Pick : The workers were paid with prepaid debit cards, which  came with fees that pushed their pay below $7.25 per hour, according to Labor Department records. Meteorologist Has Hilarious Comeback To Daughter Who Questioned His Weather Prediction : Chris Holcomb posted the text exchange with his daughter on social media. Record numbers of Chinese travellers visited South Korea last year, with the pull of food and shopping trumping politics even after Beijing’s warnings that tourism would be hit by\xa0fallout from Seoul’s decision to install a US ballistic missile shield. @ Chinese state media had said visitor numbers would plummet. @ The company would also be subject to supervision by an independent monitor for the next three years. @ In October it said it had set aside more than €18.2bn. As one business founder put it, “The debt is always there, drowning you. ” Perhaps these facts will finally bite in 2017. But rule out another reinvention at your own risk. Forewarned, it seemed, was forearmed for the markets. @ A few weeks later, however, this phoney period of calm had been completely shattered. Secular stagnation was on everyone’s lips. The runaway profits of the past will not be repeated.", '2017-01-12': 'New Developing Nations Leader Has Big Plans To Crack Down On Global Tax Dodging : Ecuador hopes the Panama Papers scandal has strengthened the case against tax havens. The difficulty was that the intended beneficiary of that operation was none other than Mr Trump himself. HUFFPOST HILL - Powerful White Guy With Mixed Civil Rights Record Gets Medal, Left Delighted : Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! The allegations were “fake news” and the product of “sick people”, he said. @ Yet few think that China’s fundamental economic challenges have been addressed. How should we assess the economic success or failure of Barack Obama’s presidency? @ Neither statement would be close to correct. Yet it does mean he has laid a strong foundation. @ This report is no exception to that rule. How does our divided nation come together? So maybe, just maybe, the politicians can\'t solve these problems, maybe we\'re looking to the wrong people to bridge all these divides and to heal everything. "" We won\'t let it happen," according to Anadolu. Hundreds of military officers have been suspended, thousands of teachers have been dismissed, public servants sacked and media organizations shut down. Journalist Onur Cakir reported from Istanbul and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. Now the two prosecutors who led the push are leaving.', '2017-01-13': 'Lockheed Pledges More Jobs and a Lowering of Costs for Fighter Jet : After weeks of talks with the Trump transition team about the high-tech plane, the company said it would add 1,800 jobs to its Fort Worth location. Chinese State Media Denounce Call by Tillerson to Block Access to Islands : One newspaper warned of “large-scale war” if the United States intervened in the South China Sea, as Donald J. Trump’s nominee for secretary of state suggested. But then came the April 2015 earthquake, killing almost 9,000 people, injuring 22,000 and leaving hundreds of thousands homeless. Democrats say that move contributed to Clinton\'s loss. " That nobody did the math, nobody thought this out, everybody knew what the law was. Hillary didn\'t go to Wisconsin for seven months." A lot of people threw their hands up and said \'I\'m not voting. It is filled with appointees who have extensive private-sector experience. The dossier presents no conclusive proof and has not been independently verified. @ One thousand or ten thousand -- we\'re talking about the increase of military presence. " That\'s why, of course, there should be more mutual respect in Russia-US ties, from our viewpoint, much more. " CNN asked Peskov about Tillerson\'s statement. He said: "This is his position, we take it into consideration. CNN\'s Mansur Mirovalev reported from Moscow.', '2017-01-14': 'Repealing The Affordable Care Act Will Hurt My Most Vulnerable Patients : Donald Trump wants to “repeal and replace” the Affordable Care Act (ACA) “quickly.” Russia has criticized the continuous deployments as a threat to Russian security. " Gen. Timothy McGuire, deputy commander of US Land Forces in Europe. One thousand or 10,000 -- we\'re talking about the increase of military presence. " US President-elect Donald Trump has said that he would like to improve US relations with Russia. Americans think about the world and relations with Russia much like we do. CNN\'s Atika Shubert reported from Zagan, and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London. With a Major Offshore Discovery, Guyana Is Poised to Become a Top Energy Producer : Exxon Mobil and Hess may soon confirm that the sea floor beneath the South American country’s coastal waters contains one of the richest energy discoveries in decades. Without Obamacare, I Will Get Sicker, Faster : If I don’t have health insurance so I can manage my Parkinson’s disease, it’s likely the government will end up paying more for my care.', '2017-01-15': 'Scottish Newspaper Nails Trump Inauguration-Induced Anxiety : "A disturbing glimpse of the horrors we could stumble into, if we’re not careful," a mock review said. Trump\'s Rift With Press Will Grow If Reporters Are Kicked Out Of White House : The Trump campaign blacklisted news organizations. Now the transition team is considering moving journalists from the briefing room. Winter Storm Brings Ice And Freezing Rain To Central U.S. : Icy road conditions caused fatal traffic accidents in Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma. Massachusetts Lawmakers Are Delaying The Inevitable Regarding Recreational Marijuana : As more and more states go legal, more opportunities for testing will open up. John Lewis Wouldn’t Invite Donald Trump To Visit Selma With Him : The congressman said it would also be “almost impossible” for him to work with the president-elect. Trump Says Merkel Made A \'Catastrophic Mistake\'  With Refugee Policy : Trump criticized the German chancellor in an interview with the Times of London. This Case Against Banks That Allegedly Enabled ISIS Could Be Groundbreaking : If successful, it would pave the way for future legal actions. Capital March Brings Surge of Business for Bus App : Skedaddle, which has an app that lets an individual create or join a trip on a chartered bus, will transport about 11,000 people to the march. Making Sense Of The Trump Russia Morass : The saga of Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin seems to get more complex and less clear each week.', '2017-01-16': "I'm Still Committed To The Democratic Party, But Here's What I Ask In Return : Major donors to the presidential campaign of Donald Trump must be feeling pretty high as they prepare for the world afterDonald Trump has taken his strongest swipe yet at the EU, labelling it “a vehicle for Germany” and predicting that other countries will follow Britain in leaving the bloc. @ There will be little cause for liberal elites to uncork the champagne at this year’s World Economic Forum. China has proved itself at best an opportunistic multilateralist, at worst a spoiler. Chinese life insurance premiums rose 39 per cent through the first 11 months of 2016 following 25 per cent growth in 2015. In fact, it can lead global trade in the years to come. @ But, getting the responses right will require a clear understanding of the causes. I am old enough to remember the sound of bombs falling on Germany. Leaders have been demonised as the “elite”. Nationalism has been rekindled to forge newer, harder identities. With ‘Brexit’ as Backdrop, Northern Ireland Will Hold Early Election : Sinn Fein, the Catholic party that forced the early vote, appears to hope that worries over leaving the European Union will weaken its unionist rivals. Here's a look at what's coming up this week. The report this quarter may offer a window into its promise. Consumer confidence has continued to surge since the election.", '2017-01-17': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: Trump Supporters Say They\'ll Have His Back In Disagreements With Republicans : House Speaker Paul Ryan gets less goodwill from the GOP base. But to achieve their goals, both may need to embrace nuclear power. M.T.A. Agrees to Contract With Transit Worker Union : The agreement, which officials said would provide raises of more than 2 percent a year, could be one of the last hurdles for the transportation authority’s departing chairman. Not only were these fears too pessimistic, they were entirely misplaced. The improving global outlook was driven by a number of factors, the IMF said. Your public posturing and noisy lobbying is not winning your battle to restore trust in business. In fact, you may even be helping to lose it. @ The attack was "based on ISIS," Sahin said. At least 39 people were killed and 69 were wounded, Turkey\'s Interior Minister said. Authorities are still searching for the attacker. ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted to Twitter. The Turkish police and Turkish intelligence have carried out a very successful operation by catching him alive. CNN\'s Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report.', '2017-01-18': 'An ironic contradiction is likely to define the global economic community’s convocation in Davos this week as it awaits Donald Trump’s inauguration. This in turn, it is argued, will drive a big rise in investment and hiring, setting off a virtuous circle of economic growth and rising confidence. @ Mayor Bill de Blasio raised just over $1 million. Failures on South Sudan Highlight the Limits of U.S. Diplomacy : Samantha Power, the ambassador to the United Nations, is known for advocating diplomacy to prevent atrocities, but poor timing has hampered efforts to avert a catastrophe. The English language used to be an asset of the US and UK. Conversely, foreign countries are opaque to mostly monolingual Britons and Americans. Foreigners know us much better than we know them. The stock market is pricing in a Reagan-type scenario." Source: Reuters); 3-Month Treasury Bills: High Rate at Weekly Auction. ( The community is inhabited mostly by indigenous Inupiat people. Thermometers that week showed temperatures in the 10s and 20s. Some carry prices many times those found in the mainland United States. There are only a couple of trucks on the island. Join the conversationTrack the latest weather story and share your comments with CNN Weather on Facebook and Twitter. CNN\'s John D. Sutter and Judson Jones contributed to this story.', '2017-01-19': 'Dozens Of Firefighters Injured When Blazing High-Rises Collapses In Tehran : “It was like a horror movie. ” Trump Reportedly Plans To End National Arts Funding : His administration may shutter the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. This Is Why You Should Still Buy Cookbooks In 2017 : The recipe world has changed, and it has made cookbooks even better. Seldom have such small chips carried such a heavy load. Chips are a key plank of China’s industrial plans, attracting a massive $150bn government subsidy. Prices of newly built residential properties dropped between 0.1 and 0.4 per cent in December from the previous month in 12 out of 15 “hotspots”, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics yesterday. @ China is the most protectionist country of very large countries. ” Understating inflation would enable authorities to report higher real growth. All three groups declined to comment on the matter. A GOP Senator Told A Democrat To Lighten Up During A Confirmation Hearing. Other members of his committee were not having it.', '2017-01-20': 'Jon Voight Claims Lincoln Is Smiling Knowing America Will Be \'Saved\' By Trump : The actor has long been a staunch supporter of the president-elect. Pro-Weed Group In D.C. Gives Away More Than 8,000 Joints On Inauguration Day : Seems like a pretty dope way to promote federal marijuana legalization. They still don’t like him as he takes the oath of office. I was told that it would be confused with the internet address of New York Telephone. I think it is so important for little boys and girls who are Latinos, who are African- Americans to look up to people who are in these positions and who have this platform and this pulpit," Navarro said. " Governing by Twitter, for example, has no precedent. It is not true that humanity cannot learn from history. But it seems to have forgotten those lessons. We are living, once again, in an era of strident nationalism and xenophobia. But inside the bank, things are looking better than they have done in a while. The comments caused a sell-off in the greenback, reversing a strong rally that had run since election day. Views could also potentially be sought on a new board designed to attract smaller start-ups. But both Mr Biden and Mr Scaramucci protested a little too much.', '2017-01-21': 'As U.S. Pulls Back on Climate, Others Step Up at Davos : China, India and even the leaders of large corporations are eager to have a bigger role in fighting global warming, meetings at the World Economic Forum showed. Obama Leaves Behind A Red America And A Blue America. Austin Area Becomes Immigrant \'Sanctuary\' As Trump Inaugurated : Texas governor threatens to cut state funds hours after the new policy is announced. I\'m more hopeful today than I have been in a long time," Mr. Weidner added. There were more than 17 million factory workers in the United States two decades ago; now there are slightly more than 12 million. Some kinds of manufacturing, like textiles and furniture, have largely disappeared. And increased foreign trade did play a role in the decline. Corporations posted record profits while wages stagnated. But those trends began to shift during the second half of Mr. Obama\'s second term. Official data will be released later this year. But his administration started with a smaller step. A family that borrowed $200,000 would have saved $500 in annual fees. Republicans had decried the change as risky. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Follow The New York Times\'s politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.', '2017-01-22': "Troubling Tells That The Media's Missing: Trump Isn't All That Smart : What isn’t high on the agenda is calling out the 45th President of the United States for being ill-prepared, unfocused, and self-absorbed. Trump And His Press Secretary Flagrantly Lied On Their First Full Day In Office. Thankfully, some reporters are calling them out on it. Kellyanne Conway Says Trump May Act Quickly To Undermine Key Feature Of Obamacare : The administration could target the individual mandate, throwing markets into disarray. Shanghai’s skyline has long stood as a symbol of the future. Just ask the many Hollywood directors who have used the city as a backdrop for tales of artificial intelligence, time travel and high-tech espionage. @ In Looper, time-travelling hitman Bruce Willis moves to Shanghai to live for 30 years until 2074, when his younger self will arrive to kill him. At 632m, it is the world’s second-tallest building, surpassed only by Dubai’s 828m-tall Burj Khalifa. P&G has been revamping its Pampers business in China. Now that it has premium products in place and is making an ecommerce push, the sales decline is reversing. Now migrants arrive into a desperate limbo after an arduous journey.", '2017-01-23': 'Critics of America’s newly inaugurated 45th president were elegantly castigated by Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel for taking Candidate Trump literally but not seriously, while his voters took him seriously not literally. The first advice must be to think long-term. The risks are twofold: one macro, one micro. That is not our base case but ranks high on our “what keeps us awake at night” list. The shift highlights the growth in the Chinese domestic economy, which could make Beijing better able to withstand trade tensions under US president Donald Trump, who has threatened to hit the country with punitive tariffs. @ “ In December, officials decided not to prosecute the five officers responsible. @ “ Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday held his first conversation with Mr. Trump since he became president. The CDC, at least under Obama, considered it a public health crisis. Their tribe says the United States has reneged on its legal duty to educate them. But since the Reagan administration, each succeeding president has done worse than the last. Quandary in South Sudan: Should It Lose Its Nascent Freedom? : The five-year-old country is in woeful straits as a civil war drags on. But a proposal to create a trusteeship of outside powers is meeting resistance.', '2017-01-24': 'Hong Kong’s financial regulator is taking the directors of Hanergy Thin Film Power to court to try to force the solar equipment supplier’s parent company to pay what it owes its subsidiary, and to seek the disqualification of its founder and controlling shareholder Li Hejun. @ And that\'s the biggest thing that Obamacare took away from us." Nebraska now has two insurers to choose from, halved from four in previous years. There\'s really no choice for patients in rural communities." That means a 27-year-old Nebraskan who paid about $272 a month for that plan last year is paying $411 now. The benchmark plan is used to calculate those premium subsidies. So far, 31 states and the District of Columbia have done so. They feel like they\'ve been left behind." However, it\'s hard to say whether that\'s always enough help to make plans affordable for some families. Jin Liqun, president of the AIIB, said on Monday that an expanded membership would help boost lending by the $100bn multilateral organisation, which was founded last year with 57 founding shareholders in spite of opposition from the US. @ “ Federal Workers Told To Halt External Communication In First Week Under Trump : Staff have been told to stop talking to Congress and the press.', '2017-01-25': "We Know What The Country Looks Like Without The EPA: Filthy : Donald Trump and his administration may trash-talk environmental enforcers, but America looked a lot worse without them. The nine Terrex armoured personnel carriers were impounded in November while returning from military exercises in Taiwan. Singapore also signed a trade deal with Taiwan in 2013. There are no plans for a permanent Chinese naval base. But the relationship is stretching out to the sea. ” But trade negotiators from several countries said it would be hard to sustain the TPP in its current form. Career government officials and lawmakers are struggling to keep up. Fast forward to 2017 and Yancoal is making news for a different reason. The former Marine general will also visit Tokyo, Reuters reported. Donald J. Trump’s election has helped him find a voice. Heated Hearing for Health Nominee Is Unlikely to Derail His Confirmation : Democrats pressed Mr. Price, the nominee for health and human services secretary, on ethics and the Affordable Care Act, but his support from Republicans is solid. Can Chevron Avoid Paying Clean-Up Costs By Hiding Behind Shell Companies? He also announced he will boost deportation efforts and beef up border patrol resources along the border. According to Border Patrol agents, immigrants and drug smugglers attempt to cross here daily. The fence along the nearly 2,000-mile border is not contiguous. Trump's New Civil Rights Chief Offered Tips On Writing It. : That's not a great sign for voting rights protection.", '2017-01-26': 'Abortion Foes Compete With Women’s March : This year’s anti-abortion march in Washington – the 44th annual March for Life — was expected to be a celebratory event at which abortion foes could savor a few wins. They left the Mediterranean Sea earlier this month. Hide Caption 1 of 6 Photos: UK shadows Russia\'s aircraft carrierThe Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov moves off the UK coast on January 25.Hide Caption 2 of 6 Photos: UK shadows Russia\'s aircraft carrierRAF Typhoon fighters fly near the Russian aircraft carrier on January 25. Syria\'s brutal civil war has raged on for nearly six years and killed\xa0an estimated 400,000 people. CNN\'s Simon Cullen and Radina Gigova contributed to this report. As I listened to a Chinese official talk about western democracy, I felt I was witnessing a role reversal. Donald Trump Says Philadelphia\'s Murder Rate Has Increased. But you know what did surge after Trump\'s election? It\'s unclear how such measures would be funded. What are sanctuary cities and can they be defunded? That\'s no surprise; so did President Barack Obama. " For these families it has been one injustice after another, but that all turns around beginning today. We are joined here this afternoon my parents whose children were horribly killed by individuals living here illegally."', '2017-01-27': 'Pressure May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but Won’t Stop It : The president has pressured companies to keep jobs in the United States. Though it may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might undermine manufacturing. Microsoft Reports 4 Percent Increase in Profit, as Cloud Business Booms : Microsoft reported a quarterly profit of $5.2 billion, or 66 cents a share, compared with $5.02 billion, or 62 cents a share, a year earlier. But there would be plenty of collateral damage for Americans. Communications staff quickly scrambled to correct the error, sending an "update" to its guidance a little more than an hour later. The clarification made no reference to the spelling inaccuracy. CNN didn\'t immediately receive comment from the White House on the matter. CNN\'s Angela Dewan contributed to this report. So many friends this week feeling unsettled. Al Gore Revives Climate Summit The CDC Abruptly Canceled : “They tried to cancel this conference but it is going forward anyway,” Gore said.', '2017-01-28': 'Trump Sees a Wall, Contractors See Windfalls : An earlier attempt tried cameras and radar but ran over budget. ‘Up Is Down’: Unreality Show Echoes a History of False Claims : As a businessman and candidate, Donald J. Trump often made dubious statements, but even jaded political veterans have been astonished by his false claims since he took office. Iran To Ban U.S. Visitors In Retaliation To Trump Order : “The restrictions against travel by Muslims to America... are an open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation in particular. "One-Man Traffic Jam Will Hit City When Trump Visits : The prolonged protection of a president and his glass and steel home in the heart of Manhattan will be a new challenge even for the Secret Service. The proposal is unlikely to reduce illegal immigration or create a more secure border. Trump Urges Stronger Push Against ISIS That Could Include Big U.S. Presence In Syria : The president ordered the joint chiefs of staff to come up with a plan fast. Lawmakers Think It\'s Not Easy Enough To Carry Concealed Weapons In Their States : Proposed bills would roll back a range of safety requirements. Trump Sees a Wall, Contractors See Windfalls : An earlier attempt tried cameras and radar but ran over budget.', '2017-01-29': 'Trump’s Immigration Orders Signal End Of Civil Rights Era : We can expect that our domestic civil rights will go right out the window. Benoit Hamon wins socialist nomination in French president\'s race - CNN : Benoit Hamon wins socialist nomination in French presidential primary : Story highlightsHamon wins Socialist Party nominationDefeated former PM Manuel VallsParis (CNN)Benoit Hamon clinched the socialist nomination for this year\'s French presidential election Sunday, securing victory over former Prime Minister Manuel Valls. Hamon won with 58.9 percent of the vote, according to the Socialist Party website, defeating Valls who had 41.1 percent. Divided partyThe first round of the presidential election will be held on April 23 and the second on May 7, with legislative elections due to be held immediately afterward in June. But once again, the socialist primary has shown the unreliability of polls. Francois Fillion was a surprise winner in the primary. The polls were also wrong at the time of the Republican primary in November. CNN\'s Benjamin Marcus reported from Paris for this story. But an order signed by President Trump has put them in limbo. Brits Slam Theresa \'The Appeaser\' May For Refusal To Condemn Trump\'s Refugee Ban : "#TheresaTheAppeaser refuses to upset her new best mate.', '2017-01-30': 'Facing Reporters at the Front Line : Long a part of establishment Washington, Mr. Spicer has surprised some colleagues by how readily he has embraced the White House’s attempts to upend the status quo. Throughout his campaign for the presidency, Trump called reporters “dishonest”, “disgusting” and “scum”. Government spending on the NHS appeared to have gone up. When I told people this, they said I was wrong. Everyone who worked in the NHS could tell you that services had been cut to the bone. @ Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world — a horrible mess,” he wrote. The White House measure bars refugees from entry for 120 days and indefinitely prohibits entry for Syrian refugees. It also bars citizens from seven Muslim countries — Syria, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen — from entering the US for 90 days. Apple Results Coming; Fed Prepares to Convene : After revenue declines, Apple’s results — the first since the release of the iPhone 7 — may show an increase. Angela Merkel\'s Censure Of Donald Trump\'s Executive Order Puts Theresa May To Shame : “That way of thinking is against my interpretation of the basic tenets of international refugee support and cooperation," Merkel said. HUFFPOST HILL - Low-Energy Huddled Masses Are Tired & Poor. Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! In Europe, the pan-European Stoxx-600 index was around 0.63 percent lower on Monday.', '2017-01-31': 'Donald Trump\'s Muslim Ban Hits Dollar, Slams Stocks : It\'s the currency\'s worst start to a year in more than a decade. Trump Meets Drugmakers, Demands Lower Prices : “We have to get prices down for a lot of reasons. " Energy companies, which had surged over the last year, took the biggest losses. Some airports became sites for protests after Mr. Trump signed the executive order on Friday, and investors wondered if American tourism would be affected. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained unchanged at 2.49 percent. Other major indexes in Asia were closed for the Chinese New Year. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 3-Month Treasury Bills: High Rate at Weekly Auction. ( It\'s taking on real and imagined enemies and overwhelming them with stuff. " Bannon declined to be interviewed for this story. " She was approved with wide bipartisan support, 96-4. Spicer answered questions about immigration, homeland security and other topics. Emanuel said he welcomed the idea of greater federal assistance. CNN\'s Sara Murray and Jeff Zeleny contributed to this report. But the rest of the world — and, in particular, America’s allies — should also be frightened. That is not just a good question — it is a vital one. A higher number of ceasefire violations were reported between Sunday and Monday evenings, compared with the previous 24 hours, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe Special Monitoring Mission to Ukraine said Monday. Statement on deteriorating situation in Donbas.', '2017-02-01': 'Indian Budget Aims to Spur Economy : The budget plan includes tax cuts for lower income taxpayers and small businesses, as well as higher spending on infrastructure, rural development and antipoverty programs. While roughly the population of the US is expected to return home to see family, 6m people will go overseas. But cheaper names more familiar to Chinese travellers are expanding too. Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels is one group making the leap. With a highly competitive domestic market, this will need to grow. Peter Navarro, the head of Mr Trump’s new National Trade Council, told the Financial Times the euro was like an “implicit Deutsche Mark” whose low valuation gave Germany an advantage over its main trading partners. French prosecutors have already begun an investigation and questioned the couple this week. According to the newspaper there is no evidence the work was ever carried out. Fillon competes in the 2004 Le Mans Classic. " JUST WATCHEDRecord numbers register to vote in FranceReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHRecord numbers register to vote in France 02:39And independent centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron also is hot on his heels in the polls. I don\'t know if this is being actively worked on, but it\'s true that there are a certain number of questions for some of my colleagues and for a certain number of us, and also for ordinary citizens.', '2017-02-02': 'U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley Blames Russia For New Ukraine Violence : "The dire situation in eastern Ukraine is one that demands clear and strong condemnation of Russian actions. ” The unchanged move was as expected by markets and analysts. A secretive Chinese company with deep ties to the Communist Party is a big investor in the United States. Mr. Scaramucci denied this, saying that he had walled himself off from any discussions with the company: "They know they cannot talk to me, so what influence are they buying?" Mr. Trump also faces opposition from the State Department. Former employees at all levels of the company are affected and the payments add up to several million dollars. Coming Up Facebook reports its latest earnings and analysts expect another blockbuster quarter of advertising revenue. AMIE TSANG Follow Amie Tsang on Twitter @amietsang. Most stocks listed on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Apple was single-handedly responsible for the Dow gain, and it helped take technology stocks higher. Stocks that pay large dividends traded lower as bond yields rose. Dominion also released a weak quarterly report. United States oil has stayed from around $52 to $55 a barrel for the last two months. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. (', '2017-02-03': 'French Nepotism Scandal Incriminates Political Elite : The presidential candidate François Fillon is in deep trouble over payments to his wife and children. Revenue was very slightly below forecasts. Days later, miles of coastline were affected. Evans on Friday did not seem too concerned about such a prospect. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( In those conditions, the produce effectively stops growing. We\'re now seeing that starting to hit the shelves. " Supplies of artichokes and broccoli are down by 20% to 30%. Some farmers have been washed out of their houses by the floods." I hope supply will be back to normal by the end of March. Analysts called it one of the worst phones ever made. @ Instead of asking users to interact with a screen, Alexa is entirely voice based. SAN FRANCISCO -- Snapchat may have been built on disappearing messages. Snap demonstrated in the prospectus that its business model is viable. Its home base in not a Bay Area enclave like Menlo Park or Palo Alto, but off the beach in Venice, a Los Angeles neighborhood. The supermodel Miranda Kerr is his fiancée. Credit: MICHAEL J. de la MERCED and KATIE BENNER; Sapna Maheshwari contributed reporting. Australian officials told the Financial Times that the Post report was an accurate account of the call, which has not been', '2017-02-04': "Black Women Face Devastating Losses If Obamacare Is Repealed : One woman said she'd have to choose between feeding her family and keeping one of her children alive. But when conviction is near-universal in markets it makes sense to ponder what investors might be missing. Donald Trump is prepared to risk precipitating a trade war whether by raising tariffs, introducing border taxes that penalise imports relative to exports, or both. Whether it would increase employment in the US is moot. This strategy is always the companion of aggrieved nationalism. Thus, all the increase in employment between 1950 and the end of 2016 occurred outside manufacturing. Yet output of US manufacturing was not stagnant. It is now 45 years since Cernan became the last man to walk on the moon. @ It tells us how much we have not done, rather than how much we have done. ” Other stocks also rose as investors were pleased that employers hired workers at a faster pace in January. Macy's jumped $1.97, or 6.4 percent, to close at $32.69. Its stock has been trading around five-year lows. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (", '2017-02-05': 'POLL: Donald Trump\'s SCOTUS Pick Draws A Positive Reaction : The public is split on whether the nomination should have been left to Donald Trump, but a plurality want to see Neil Gorsuch confirmed. But Britain’s vote to leave the European Union is hindering their cooperation on broader issues. But white men still held more than two-thirds of the positions. The official repeal of the corruption decree was announced Sunday in a government statement after an emergency meeting of Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu\'s Cabinet. Read MoreSunday was the sixth straight day of protests. Dragnea is under investigation over abuse of power allegations. The European Commission president also voiced worry. Some people threw flares and other objects at security forces. Romania in this moment due to what\'s going on seems to be divided, but it\'s my last wish to get to anything like that," he said. " Journalist Cosmin Stan in Romania and CNN\'s Ralph Ellis, Kara Fox, Marilia Brocchetto and Matthew Rehbein contributed to this article.', '2017-02-06': 'Says a Ban on Travel Is Vital to Safety : The administration said a judge’s order blocking the ban endangers national security. Buy Less, Pay More : “We all have too much stuff,” a reader says. But it has also been used to lower labor costs and cut jobs. But Trump, he says, is crossing the line. Here\'s a look at what\'s coming up this week. ECONOMY Fund faces a deadline for a deal with Greece\'s creditors. Jack Ewing December trade balance estimates are coming. Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES Mario Draghi Is the President of the European Central Bank. ( Iran "seeks to conquer the Middle East, it threatens Europe, it threatens the West, it threatens the world. And it offers provocation after provocation," Netanyahu said. The Israeli leader has called the accord "weak. Settler outposts are considered illegal under both Israeli and international law. Bond prices fall when interest rates rise. The study ranked cities on an assessment of their economic potential, business friendliness, human capital and lifestyle, cost-effectiveness and connectivity. Donald Trump on Sunday was criticised by prominent Republicans after saying in a televised interview that the US was no better than Vladimir Putin’s Russia. @ Shafts of sunlight are visible through the clouds. Britain seems set on leaving its own continent. The Brexit vote has dented badly the coherence of Europe.', '2017-02-07': 'A safety measure that industry groups have lobbied against might have made a crucial difference. Solar Energy Created 1 In 50 New U.S. Jobs. Nearly every state that voted for Donald Trump saw increases in solar jobs. Melania Trump Seeks At Least $150 Million In Damages Over Report She Worked As An Escort : The First lady claims she lost out on the opportunity to make millions as "one of the most photographed women in the world. ” Foreign leaders including former US President Barack Obama, China’s Xi Jinping and Mexico’s Enrique Peña Nieto have all addressed MPs and peers in recent years. @ International law views all settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem as illegal and, until now, such outposts were illegal under Israeli law as well as they are built on private land on which Palestinians have claims. Data from regulators and exchanges showed speculators have built long positions equivalent to almost 1bn barrels of crude across the major contracts, while short positions amount to just 111m barrels. @ Almost half of the products bought by companies had a maturity of one to three months. @ “ In 2016, many groups saw an unexpected increase in profits that left more cash at hand than expected, she said. A safety measure that industry groups have lobbied against might have made a crucial difference.', '2017-02-08': 'Should Police Be Allowed To Keep Property Without A Criminal Conviction? : Leading US experts on China have endorsed Donald Trump’s tough approach towards trade with Beijing, contending that an unbalanced economic relationship requires a change in Washington’s policy. @ We have to arch our backs and say: ‘This has to be mutually advantageous and equitable or there are going to be consequences’. ” Democrats Were Blindsided By The Tea Party Wave. The Affordable Care Act cut the uninsured rate to a historic low. CNN\'s David Wilkinson contributed to this report. \' Alexandre Laustriat, a 25-year-old student in Toulouse, agrees. " Further, especially Germany urgently needs an immigration law like Canada, Australia or New Zealand." In my view, you have to fight fire with fire." CNN\'s Diana Magnay, Sebastian Shukla, Laura Goehler contributed to this report from London, Camille Verdier from Paris, Susannah Palk from the Hague and Joyce Tseng designed the graphics in Atlanta. It\'s a lot of money -- but it\'s shrinking. Three years ago, they were at nearly $4 trillion. What are China\'s foreign exchange reserves? Foreign reserves have not fallen to levels that should sound alarm bells in Beijing or other capitals. What does this mean for the United States? Selling $1 Bills As Souvenirs in Beijing. Should Police Be Allowed To Keep Property Without A Criminal Conviction? :', '2017-02-09': 'Seth Meyers Is As Frustrated With The Democrats As You Are Right Now : Meyers championed Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders, while attacking Nancy Pelosi. He was given a suspended five-year prison sentence. Where Does Your Compassion For Refugees End? : Analysts still expect lending to increase rapidly this year, as authorities seek to ensure a strong economy in the run-up to a crucial leadership transition in November. @ This marks the second time now a federal district court has upheld the fiduciary rule. " The long list of groups that sued the Labor Department in the Dallas federal court include the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Financial Services Institute, the Financial Services Roundtable, the Insured Retirement Institute and the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. " The case could still be appealed to a higher court. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.95 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,054.34. The index also closed at a record high on Tuesday and last Friday. That yield is a benchmark used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including home mortgages. Source: Treasury Department); the Nasdaq Minute by Minute: Position of the Nasdaq Composite Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( The sector is becoming broader, more value-added and more lucrative. The vast majority of refugees who live there are Somalis.', '2017-02-10': 'HUFFPOLLSTER: How Much Have Trump\'s Approval Ratings Dropped? Anthem now owes Cigna a $1.85 billion breakup fee. It\'s worth noting this was not exactly a match made in heaven. Employers are wary of hiring permanent workers who are more difficult to lay off and require costly benefit packages, especially when growth is still tepid. Quotation of the Day "My life is over." -- He is really bringing to bear the whole weight of the office of president on a business decision." AMIE TSANG Follow Amie Tsang on Twitter @amietsang. Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Friday morning : A daily morning look at the financial stories you need to know to start the day. Consumer sentiment numbers come out at 10 AM Eastern Time. The Nasdaq has now set a record high three times this week (in addition to last Friday). Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( The model has certainly worked for Donald Trump. His Experience There Helped Shape an Investment Idea. (', '2017-02-11': 'NATO Sees Sharp Rise In Russian Disinformation Since Crimea Seizure : There has been a "significant increase" in propaganda from Moscow. The U.S.-Arab Relationship In The \'Age Of Trump\' : As Trump and Iran\'s Ayatollah Khamenei trade barbs, a nervous Arab world is caught in the middle. Trump’s selection of Flynn as his National Security Advisor seemed like a terribleHardee\'s And Carl\'s Jr. Got Caught In An Immigration Audit Under Trump\'s Labor Nominee : Before Andy Puzder adopted Trump\'s hard line on immigration, his chains\' restaurants had to cut loose more than 1,000 undocumented workers. Snowden Is Actually Happy About Report That Russians May Turn Him Over To Trump : It\'s "evidence that I\'m not a Russian spy," says NSA whistleblower. Jerry Brown Asks Donald Trump For California Storm Disaster Declaration : The state is now grappling with a massive dam spillway glitch in the Sierra foothills. With More Women Fulfilled by Work, Retirement Has to Wait : Women have become significantly more likely to stay on the job at an older age, many out of enjoyment as much as obligation, research shows. NATO Sees Sharp Rise In Russian Disinformation Since Crimea Seizure : There has been a "significant increase" in propaganda from Moscow.', '2017-02-12': 'Few Good Options In Donald Trump\'s Arsenal To Counter Defiant North Korea : Any U.S. military response would likely trigger a regional war. Trump\'s Advisers Want You To Believe He\'s The Most Productive President Yet. Barack Obama accomplished much more during his first weeks in office. It is likely schools will be canceled again." That snowfall was so vast that an enormous pile lingered until July before finally melting. " The setup looks favorable Mon morning for #MA & #RI as a coastal storm intensifies rapidly near Cape Cod!— This happens when there is a large difference between a cold air mass and warm sea surface temps. In New York City, no snow is expected Monday, but "gusty winds over 40 mph could lead to a lot of travel troubles to start the workweek," Martin said. The storm is expected to move out by Monday night. CNN\'s Joe Sutton contributed to this report.', '2017-02-13': 'Nato allies are bracing themselves for tough American demands to intensify military spending, as they seek clarity from James Mattis, the new US defence secretary, on Donald Trump’s policy towards the alliance. @ General Mattis will meet his Nato counterparts this week in Brussels, their first meeting since Mr Trump took office after a campaign in which he repeatedly questioned the organisation and its reliance on Washington. The president has also questioned US support for European integration. @ Sometimes a landscape’s contours dissolve into the detail. Lost to the cacophony is clear sight of just how much is at stake. @ Until this week the state of Ivanka Trump’s clothing brand was mostly of interest to fashion bloggers. Her father took revenge via his realDonaldTrump account. The measures include tighter approval procedures for foreign acquisitions by Chinese companies and higher hurdles for forex purchases by individuals. @ This is a political campaign for a change of power. ” If a tariff wall goes up, Ford could benefit at their expense. That puts him six percentage points ahead of Ms Merkel. OPEC Deal to Cut Production Is Lifting Oil Prices. But questions remain about whether they can hold together.', '2017-02-14': 'Yawning at Excess : Ten years ago, the financier Stephen A. Schwarzman was vilified for his lavish 60th bash; this year, in the Trump era, things seem to have changed. For a start, most analysts’ research is not very good. In 1973 Princeton University professor Burton Malkiel claimed in his book, A Random Walk Down Wall Street, that: “A blindfolded monkey throwing darts at a newspaper’s financial pages could select a portfolio that would do just as well as one carefully selected by experts.” The Federal Bureau of Investigation is probing the issue to determine what the two men discussed. This is the first time Weibo’s market capitalisation has risen past Twitter’s on a close-of-day basis, according to Bloomberg data. The tiny number of successful claims held steady despite a 44 per cent jump in claims for refugee status to 10,901. The Trump administration’s early moves on Asia policy were unsettling. He seemed minded to confront China from Taiwan to the South China Sea. And he has long been noted for his sceptical attitude to US alliances with Japan and South Korea. @ Congressional Republicans Who Want To Keep Their Jobs Probably Won’t Oppose Trump : The president is very popular among the Republican base -- which means GOP lawmakers have little incentive to challenge him.', '2017-02-15': 'India’s Space-Race Feat, on the Cheap : The country nearly tripled the previous record of 37, set by Russia, establishing itself as a major player in the growing market for surveillance and communication. Irish Premier in Crisis Over a Police Scandal : The matter of Sgt. Mr. Moritz declined to comment for this column. Tax and regulatory changes could also help. All is not so great in venture capital either. Bill Gates has called the returns of venture capital funds "pathetic." The United States had the largest decline, falling nearly 15 percent. In any case, the competition in technology investing is intensifying. If interest rates go up, valuations may fall rapidly. STEVEN DAVIDOFF SOLOMON Steven Davidoff Solomon is a professor of law at the University of California, Berkeley. His columns can be found at nytimes.com/dealbook.: At its helm, the entire time, has been Mr. Son. Recently, the firm shut down its flagship hedge fund. Those investments underscore Fortress\'s breadth across the American economy. On Tuesday, before the deal was announced, shares of Fortress rose 6.5 percent on unusually heavy trading volume. Credit: MICHAEL J. de la MERCED and LANDON THOMAS Jr.; Ben Protess contributed reporting. But the latest data suggest that the parallel need to control debt growth is also influencing policy. A Venture Capitalist’s Misguided Critique of a Trump Adviser : All is not well in the world of private funds, Steven Davidoff Solomon writes.', '2017-02-16': 'The Ultimate Hunt: Sheep : Permits to hunt bighorn sheep are auctioned for hundreds of thousands of dollars — and that money has helped revive wild sheep populations and expand their territory. Lower taxes and less regulations are good for corporations and equity holders." On Wednesday, stocks continued their run for a seventh consecutive session -- the longest winning streak since September 2013, according to Bloomberg data. He is pulling out all the stops," he said, "and I just don\'t think that investors are being compensated for the downside risks." Some smaller loosening of financial regulations has also provided encouragement. Top, Outside the New York Stock Exchange Last Week. Photograph by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) (B1); Traders On Wall Street On Wednesday. Some of the factors at work may turn out to be temporary. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Donald Trump has got people used to the idea of post-truth politics. But post-truth foreign policy appears to be another matter. The Flynn resignation raises (at least) three serious questions. First, how long can the current chaos in the White House last? The results, some of which have been widely circulated on social media over recent weeks, are thought-provoking. @ That is far lower than the risk of being struck by lightning or even being killed by a falling vending machine (yes, really). These types of sales have ballooned in poorer neighborhoods.', '2017-02-17': ': SAN FRANCISCO -- Analyzing Twitter for market-moving information has been a business for years. High-frequency trading firms have even built such analysis into their trading strategies. He generates more volatility than anything in the world right now, so these stocks are going to move one way or the other." The company\'s share price fell 1 percent within a minute. President’s Approval Ratings Are Down, but How Much Does It Matter? : Every day, I walk and say, \'I would like to meet with him,\' because I do want to solve the problem. Keep in mind, this is my President, this is your President for the next four years. Where our values clash, that\'s a whole other issue. CNN\'s Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report. Companies such as Suzhou Merkel Hydraulic Systems and Fujian Obama Asset Management have existed for years. The arrest of Samsung’s chief — the first in its 79-year history — could lead to a leadership vacuum at the group, and hamper a group-wide restructuring plan for the succession to the third generation of the founding family. For newspapers, 2016 was a year of soaring highs and bruising lows. Such an investigation could be highly damaging.', '2017-02-18': "GOP Official Says 'No Offense' After Suggesting Women Should Be Paid Less : James Green got so much backlash, he ultimately resigned. It was blocked, but something similar may be back. Donald J. Trump won the presidential election as the least popular candidate in the polling era. Usually, presidents ride high at the start of their terms. He was facing strong criticism over the war in Vietnam. A weak economy cost George H.W. Bush in early 1992. Hurricane Katrina reached Category 5 status on Aug. 28, 2005. But the results didn't quite back up the theory in the end. Does that mean the live interview polls are right this time? The Republicans can also breathe easier about congressional control because so many are safely ensconced in reliably Republican districts. But really, what's striking is that we're even having this conversation at all at this time. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. He was first appointed vice president and then ascended to the presidency after Richard Nixon's resignation.) Photograph Lyndon Johnson During His State of the Union Address in January 1968. Later That Year, His Approval Ratings Reached a Low. ( Photograph by George Tames/the New York Times)A Mild-Mannered Woman From Washington Is The Democrats' Deadliest Weapon : President Trump's nominees have not fared well going through Sen. Patty Murray's HELP Committee. But the rules are plentiful, and the customers not so much.", '2017-02-19': 'Fall From the Top : When several hedge fund managers fell off the list of the nation’s 400 richest people last year, some wealth watchers took it as a sign of a changing financial landscape. Share the Wealth : The very rich may have too much of it, but if you stripped them of all their wealth, you would, in many cases, do more harm than good. Losing a Fortune : A business can implode, the economy can go south, the markets can buckle. But one of the most reliable ways to demolish a fortune? Suicide Bomb At Market In Somali Capital Kills 39, Injures Around 50 : By Feisal Omar MOGADISHU (Reuters) - A car bomb ripped through a market in Mogadishu on Sunday, killing 39 people and injuringTrump Supporters Are Not Oppressed : New York Times readers were confronted today with a new entry in the paper’s ongoing competition for the most ill-conceivedSmall Plane Crashes in New Jersey : A single-engine Piper PA-28 aircraft with only a pilot on board crashed in a residential neighborhood in Bayonne. Virtual Reality’s Next Trick : The Void, a Utah-based start-up, bets that by making V.R. both social and spontaneous, it can draw throngs and make a mint.', '2017-02-20': 'Investment research faces the biggest challenge to its business model since Eliot Spitzer, the pugnacious former attorney-general of New York, jammed a mile-high wedge between analysts and bankers 15 years ago. From January, clients must pay for research directly rather than via commission. Such doom and gloom is not shared by the so-called sellside, however — and we are a cynical bunch. Donald Trump imagined he could do as he pleased in the White House. All this as the fires continue to burn in the Middle East and the North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un tests a ballistic missile that may soon be tipped with a nuclear warhead. @ CNN : Eastern Ukraine ceasefire begins -- but will it hold? : For humanitarian reasons, it was necessary to do it and recognize these documents. The German government slammed Putin\'s move. " We had just two options: bad, and worse," he said. " But we do not trust any words or any papers. Euan McKirdy wrote from Hong Kong, and Emma Burrows reported from Moscow. Here\'s a look at what\'s coming up this week. The American economy is showing signs of stronger growth. Is that enough to persuade the Federal Reserve to start raising interest rates more quickly?', '2017-02-21': "Milo May Not Be Going To CPAC, But Gay Conservatives Won't Forget The Invite : Another slight endured at the annual conservative gathering. Verizon Agrees To Buy Yahoo's Core Internet Business At $350 Million Discount : The deal will combine Yahoo's search, email and messenger assets as well as advertising technology tools with Verizon's AOL unit. Lotte will hurt the Chinese people and the consequences could be severe. Their concerns ranged from the White House’s reluctance to accept scientific evidence to an anticipated assault on parts of the federal research budget as well as hostility to immigrants on whom US science depends. @ “ Marine Le Pen in Lebanon row after refusing to wear headscarfMacron is running as an independent centrist, leading his own En Marche! Francois Hollande (R) speaking with Emmanuel Macron. But it is unusual, particularly given that Macron is not standing for any of the major parties. Macron then announced his intention to run for the presidency. It seems at a loss for what might — or even should — come next. This McDonald’s Cook Helped Raise The Minimum Wage. Luis Chiliquinga and his colleagues convinced Obama to sign executive orders improving their pay and working conditions.", '2017-02-22': 'Trump\'s \'Us vs. Them\' Politics Raises Warning Of Global Fallout : Amnesty International sees a dangerous model in his "poisonous" rhetoric and policies. After the fall of the Berlin Wall, there was a “democratic wave”. But now the process seems to have gone into reverse. The digital disrupters have transformed work, travel, communication, and relaxation. Two women wiped liquid on his face in an apparent poisoning. Meanwhile, the position of Russian officials is actually ignored. " Tension over NATOJUST WATCHEDWhat does NATO do?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhat does NATO do? " The notice is an international database of suspects shared with other law enforcement agencies. Journalist Mansur Mirovalev reported from Moscow, while CNN\'s James Masters and Milena Veselinovic wrote from London. We can only urgently appeal to both sides to implement the agreements we have reached -- otherwise, we will risk an intensified military escalation with many other civilian victims and a continuation of the standstill in the political process," Gabriel said in a statement. " So we decided at this particular period of time to get the bad option. It\'s bitterly disappointing," the Labour politician told CNN\'s Christiane Amanpour. " Hundreds of migrants are arriving every day. Her dream is to go to Germany to live her old years in peace, watching her grandchildren grow up. They were taking them to the Croatian border. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. (', '2017-02-23': 'Safety Net : As automation reduces the need for human labor, some Silicon Valley executives think a universal income will be the answer — and the beta test is happening in Kenya. New Jobs : Popular ideas about the working class are woefully out of date. Janet Yellen, Who Leads the Federal Reserve, Addressed a Senate Panel Last Week. While energy stocks fell with the price of oil, most other sectors did not make big moves. The deal remains subject to the approval of antitrust officials in the United States and elsewhere. The dollar slipped to 113.06 yen from 113.61 yen. They come here and think they can do whatever they want. JUST WATCHEDWho are the refugees?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWho are the refugees? The government took the time to help them learn Swedish, get a job, learn about the culture. Integration or suspicionBut many Swedes remain suspicious. It will become harder and harder later on to control. " Of course there are isolated incidents ... but police are dealing with them." Hilary McGann contributed to this report. Non-bank lending has grown the fastest. @ Few believe China wants to wreak serious economic havoc on North Korea. This may signal a reversal on that promise.', '2017-02-24': "Chinese Firms Are Naming Their Wallpaper And Booze After Ivanka Trump : Companies in the US are grappling with how to handle Ivanka Trump’s fashion brand, which has become heavily politicized andNordstrom Co-President: Business Impact Of Trump's Tweet Was 'Negligible' : Looks like his social media efforts weren't so powerful after all. HUFFPOST HILL - D.C. Bars Ruined As CPAC Kicks Into Full Swing : Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Will Fossil Fuels And Conventional Cars Be Obsolete By 2030? : The most distinctive characteristic of the French presidential election campaign so far has been its dramatic challenge to the French establishment. Sortez les sortants” (“Kick the bums out”), the slogan of the 1950s populist politician Pierre Poujade, could well serve as the motto of the 2017 campaign. @ Turbulence has now become the defining feature of the campaign. Is it possible that — beneath the fury and the farce — the Trump administration might settle down and turn into a conventional US government? In this respect, he makes a striking contrast to Michael Flynn, the man he will replace at the head of the National Security Council. In the event, it took three weeks for him to be forced out. @", '2017-02-25': 'Donald Trump Says He Will Not Attend Annual White House Correspondents Dinner : The president continues to stoke his feud with the media. Viral Tiger Drone Video Reveals A Grim Reality In China : "These tigers are doomed," says big cat welfare activist Susan Bass. A late push helped stocks on Wall Street finish higher Friday after indexes spent most of the day lower. Investors continued to buy safer assets like government bonds, gold and stocks that pay large dividends, such as utility and telephone companies. That\'s been a pattern over the last few days. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note slid to 2.32 percent from 2.37 percent. Investment banks and insurers traded lower as well. Gold is trading at its highest price since just after the presidential election, though it is down sharply from last summer. That helped consumer-focused companies climb higher. HP Enterprise\'s quarterly sales dropped 10 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Weather like this, it hurts,” said one New Yorker who relies on the cold to make a living. But The Press May Find It Harder To Fight. :', '2017-02-26': 'Santa Cruz Police Accuse Homeland Security Of Lying To Cover Up Immigrant Sweep : "We cannot work with those we cannot trust," the police chief said. WASHINGTON -- In a message posted on Twitter on Saturday, President Trump highlighted a dip in the national debt during his first month in office, contrasting it with an increase in the first month of the Obama administration. The exact amount of the debt bounces around that trend line because the Treasury borrows money by selling securities with maturities -- or repayment dates -- ranging from 28 days to 30 years. The performance of the economy will also play an important role. Economic growth generates more tax revenue and reduces federal spending on social welfare programs.: Americans have combined human ingenuity, a market system, a tide of talented and ambitious immigrants, and the rule of law to deliver abundance beyond any dreams of our forefathers," Mr. Buffett wrote. Last year was another outstanding one for the man known widely as the Oracle of Omaha. His 61 million shares are now worth over $8 billion. I\'m certain that in almost all cases the managers at both levels were honest and intelligent people. But the results for their investors were dismal -- really dismal," he wrote. "', '2017-02-27': "The Munich Security Conference used to be the place where western leaders talked about bad and dangerous things happening elsewhere in the world. This year the conversation was all about bad and dangerous things imperilling democracy at home. Donald Trump topped everyone’s threat list. Everyone despaired of the vanishing border between truth and lies. Where once it was international bankers, now it is Chinese companies that are driving those rents ever higher. Hong Kong, no stranger to China-induced bubbles, is wondering how far this one can go. Tokyo at $150, London at $114 and San Francisco at $113 round out the top five. Not surprisingly, investors are beginning to eye these changes with some trepidation. Top American banks riding high on Donald Trump’s presidency have hired almost 120,000 people in low-cost Asian economies, creating potential tensions with the new administration, which has pledged to bring jobs back to the US. @ The Communist party introduced the one-child policy in 1979 to tackle population growth. People Who Live Without Screens Don't Sleep Any Better Than The Rest Of Us : For a variety of different reasons, their sleep can actually be worse.", '2017-02-28': 'Critics Assail Cuts in Foreign Spending as Trump Moves to Boost Military : The proposed Pentagon increase has been criticized in part because White House officials say President Trump will call for a cut to programs that military officials say contribute to global stability. In practice Donald Trump is laying out a banquet for their delectation. The Trump White House is drawing up plans for across-the-board deregulation, tax cuts and a new generation of defence contracts. In marketing they call this bait and switch. For every new regulation, two will be scrapped. The contract was worth more than half a million euros -- a boon for his profits. There was just one hitch: He did not have enough employees for the job. The wages needed to lure them are creeping up. If the labor shortage continues, it could sharply impact our growth, and growth in general." But the experience in Denmark shows what can happen with too much of a good thing. The problem will get worse in coming years." The company quickly became Denmark\'s market leader. LIZ ALDERMAN Follow Liz Alderman on Twitter @LizAldermanNYT. A Lack of Welders Delayed a Lucrative Contract for the Company. ( She continued, "The world is definitely a more dangerous place. An international investigation found chemical weapons\xa0were used by government forces. Those statements seemed to rankle Russia and China even more. ""[', '2017-03-01': 'Ex-CIA officer partially pardoned for role in rendition case in Italy - CNN : Ex-CIA officer partially pardoned for role in seizing radical cleric in Italy : Story highlightsSabrina De Sousa was among nearly two dozen Americans convicted in absentiaPortuguese authorities arrested the former CIA officer in February (CNN)Former CIA officer Sabrina De Sousa, who was convicted in 2009 for playing a part in seizing a radical Egyptian cleric on the streets of Milan, has received a last-minute, partial pardon from Italy. He was seized in Milan in 2003, transferred to Egypt and tortured, he said. The 2009 trial was the first to address the practice. We understand why the Italians did what they did. But at the end of the day, representatives of our United States government abroad were let down and left alone by their own government. " CNN\'s Livia Borghese contributed to this report. Freakishly Warm February Could Ring In Earliest Cherry Blossom Peak Bloom On Record : The National Park Service now expects the trees to look their best between March 19 and 22.Obamacare Repeal Could Delay Retirement For The Most Vulnerable : Without the ACA, older workers who are caregivers or laid off will be slammed. But expect Senate Republicans to push back. Just when the sky seemed to be at its darkest, the outlook suddenly began to improve. Why has secular stagnation lost its mass appeal, and has it disappeared forever? Soon it will benefit from a new three-acre park and other projects.', '2017-03-02': 'Yet Another Attorney Shuts Down The Very Idea Of Becoming Trump\'s Top Supreme Court Lawyer : Miguel Estrada said he\'d "never accept a job that requires Senate confirmation. An economy that seemed locked in some form of "secular stagnation" or "new normal" is at long last showing some signs of being in something closer to an "old normal." Those numbers followed positive readings on retail sales, industrial production and the job market. Then they backed off and only raised rates once. The offering priced on Wednesday at $17 a share, more than the earlier expected range of $14 to $16. Not bad for a pair of twentysomethings. ( You can then value this chance by multiplying column 1 by row 2. I could, of course, be all wrong about this. Trump wants a $1 trillion investment in roads and bridges. Companies are going to spend their resources wisely, right?" The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska borders the National Petroleum Reserve. US-owned waters might hold similar complications. The company blamed high costs and an "unpredictable" regulatory environment. The share price accordingly tanked roughly 70 per cent. These are required for all financial transactions. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. (', '2017-03-03': 'Eleven States To Drop Suit Over Transgender Bathroom Order : In their suit in May, the states said the Obama administration overstepped its authority by ordering public schools to let transgender students use bathrooms matching their gender identity. China’s new chief banking regulator announced the expansion of debt-for-equity swaps and other measures to contain financial risk on Thursday in the face of the country’s growing pile of corporate debt. @ Indeed, most studies have found that its impacts on American trade will be minimal. EU rules require equal treatment for all member states. JUST WATCHEDHow much will Brexit cost the UK?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHHow much will Brexit cost the UK? " We must not undermine our own security interests while respecting the security interests of others." China has said that the Thaad system would threaten its nuclear deterrent capacity. But right now, we have no idea when that will happen." Trade experts said Beijing might be reluctant to take more extreme economic measures. The court\'s decision is expected in the coming weeks, and if it rules against her, a new president will be elected 60 days later. Behind the scenes, though, things are unlikely to have been so smooth. JANE PERLEZ and CHOE SANG-HUN Follow Jane Perlez on Twitter @JanePerlez . Amy Qin and Yufan Huang contributed research from Beijing.', '2017-03-04': 'New Wave of U.S. Airstrikes Is Most Intense Ever on Qaeda Branch in Yemen : Over the last two days, there have been as many as 30 strikes against suspected militants in the strife-ravaged country, compared with 38 in all of 2016.Lucky Break Led Gorsuch to Long Bond : Neil M. Gorsuch worked as a law clerk for two justices, including Anthony M. Kennedy, in the early 1990s, giving him a privileged look at the court’s workings. Going into the vote, the DUP held a 10-seat advantage. The United Kingdom is made up of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Journalist Peter Taggart and CNN\'s Donie O\'Sullivan contributed to this report. The Fed is notorious for waiting until the evidence of growth is absolutely undeniable." Speaking in Chicago, Ms. Yellen said the Fed would probably resume raising interest rates later this month to reflect a strengthening job market and inflation edging toward the central bank\'s 2 percent target rate. Benchmark crude gained 72 cents, or 1.4 percent, to close at $53.33 a barrel in New York. The prospective Fed move has modest short-term implications for consumers. The committee is scheduled to meet in Washington on March 14 and 15. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum.', '2017-03-05': 'After a Big Loss Last Quarter, Deutsche Bank Will Raise Capital and Reorganize : The bank, which disclosed a loss of about $2 billion in the fourth quarter, plans to bolster its capital with its third share sale in four years. Really Sick and Really Scared’ Voters Worry Congress : Many Republicans, especially in the Senate, increasingly see a need to tread carefully, or even alter course, on the push to repeal the Affordable Care Act. After Securing a U.S. Education, Feeling Insecure : Daniela Alulema and her family — one legally in America, two not — feel the tension among fellow immigrants and are apprehensive about the future. More U.S. Forces Add to Crowded Syrian Battlefield : American presence near Manbij, in northern Syria, has increased as concerns have grown that fighting could erupt among militias and Syrian and Turkish troops there. The Trump Administration Puts Alaska At Risk : Alaska conservation is at greater risk today than at any time in state history. Trump Wants A Merit-based Immigration System. Trump’s Address to the joint session of Congress was by most accounts a success.', '2017-03-06': 'In a video on the website of Anadolu, the Turkish state news agency, Erdogan said: "I thought that Nazism was over in Germany, but it turns out that it is still going on. I will come and when they won\'t let me enter or don\'t let me talk, I will set the whole world in an uproar." We reject the policy identification of the democratic Germany with that of National Socialism. The world\'s largest Turkish diaspora is found in Germany, where about 3 million people with Turkish ethnicity reside. This is quite serious," Bayrakli told CNN. " All these developments are rather worrying," Bayrakli told CNN.CNN\'s Stephanie Halasz, Nadine Schmidt, Hande Atay Alam, Isil Sariyuce and Joel Williams contributed to this report. Gen. H R McMaster, is of a different persuasion. Some believe the relationship is doomed to be frozen in historic rivalry. In February, Putin was just shy of 154,000 references. Their True Colors : With no real predators, the birds live proud, public lives. Actual growth came in at\xa06.7 per cent last year. @ “ The budget deficit was not mentioned at all. His own party, which controls Congress, may stick to principle and resist. It can expect Democratic help if it does so. The speech, directed mainly at a domestic audience, was a step in that direction. The country has never proven such capabilities, but the remarks elicited a rebuke from President Donald Trump. “', '2017-03-07': 'Ben And Jerry\'s Voices Its \'Strong Opposition\' To Trump\'s New Immigration Order : "At Ben & Jerry’s we understand this policy is not only bad for our nation, it’s bad for business. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index fell 7.81 points, or 0.3 percent, to close at 2,375.31. The affected farm is a supplier to Tyson Foods. They suspected that might be why Mr. Trump had spoken so favorably of Mr. Putin. Ross came in to block the Russians, not to help them," he added. " The theory that Ross is a Russian Trojan horse does not make any sense to me." In the process, he lost $600 million, his lawyer said. But the bank conspicuously stayed away from Moscow. In many ways, however, it is much more than just a business. It is not a matter of Russians or Americans. Its share price is still lower than what he paid in 2014. In the long run, that is probably a safe bet. But if the Bank of Cyprus goes down, Cyprus goes down, too." Just to add, I won\'t be making any further statements or comments at this time. " Germany is regarded as an economic success story. Would this hurt a company such as Chevron? I think what you\'ll see is a disconnect," he explained. "', '2017-03-08': "The G.O.P. Unveils Its Health Care Plan : Readers are mostly critical of the plan, calling it a “giveaway to the insurance companies” and a “cruel joke” to the millions who depended on Obamacare.: President Trump says that the United States' persistent trade deficit is a scourge that must be eliminated. What really matters is not whether the trade deficit is rising or falling. Picking apart the January numbers, you see just how that way of looking at trade can be misleading. The trade deficit fell a great deal during the 2008 recession, for example. No one would argue it made Americans (or pretty much anyone else) better off. That reflects the relative strength of the U.S. economy. That number fell by $89 million in January. If it falls because Americans' spending collapses, it will be bad news. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Now, his Air Force choice faces controversy. In response, the central bank sold dollars from its reserves to relieve pressure on the currency. Ten years later, it is doing extremely well for itself. @ Yet the country is far more prosperous than it was at independence. Small wonder the situation has excited bankers and investors. @ Two shareholder votes are due on Wednesday.", '2017-03-09': 'A federal agency’s plan to require communication hardware in future cars is spurring efforts to have vehicles not only see, but talk, to reduce collisions. He blames America’s ills on trade deficits and the bad deals that underpin them. The US has trade deficits with 101 nations. But it has left the state with piles of grain of deteriorating quality, purchased at above-market prices. Another week, another wave of soaring stock markets. The entrance of the groups marks the first time in years that foreign funds have braved China’s bad debt market without powerful local partners. Absent objections, they will be formally registered after 90 days, the Associated Press reported. These deep differences of opinion relate to basic questions of democracy and the rule of law. German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks in the German lower house of parliament Thursday. The world\'s largest Turkish diaspora is found in Germany, where about 3 million people with Turkish ethnicity reside. CNN\'s Simon Cullen contributed to this report. That connection with Renren has also boosted SoFi. " Joe is a great investor and was our investor from the early days. Their deals include such well-known American brands as image messaging app Snap, ride-sharing service Lyft and virtual reality player Magic Leap.', '2017-03-10': 'Roger Stone Says His Conversation With DNC Hackers Was \'Completely Innocuous\' : “It was so perfunctory, brief and banal I had forgotten it," he said. White House: Flynn\'s Foreign Lobbying Didn\'t Raise Red Flags : Sean Spicer claimed ignorance that the ousted national security adviser was working as a foreign agent, despite warnings. Energy Star Is Cheap, Popular And Saves Billions Of Dollars. Still, analysts said they expected prices to bounce back. The moves highlight how North Korea is destabilising East Asia. China’s investment around the world is an important and developing phenomenon. But both its successes and its setbacks are being overstated. This risks warping business and policy decision-making. The problem starts with the definition of success. But the indicator used is closer to “circulated acquisition ideas” than “deals.” @ It certainly did not double over 2015, as some claim. Here are his options:A watch ticks, a fanfare swells, a shrill alarm sounds and a deep voice intones, “Good morning, Mr President.” It remains to be seen, however, whether Donald Trump @ , the incoming US president, will help the watchmaking industry or worsen the problems Swiss manufacturers have experienced since 2014.', '2017-03-11': 'Turkish Leader  Likens Dutch  to the Nazis : The moves escalated a diplomatic dispute over efforts by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to campaign in Europe on behalf of a referendum to bolster his power. Read MoreTurkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said they will not take it lightly. " But the authorities in several countries have blocked their plans. Which steps they take, we will take 10 times more action. CNN\'s Schams Elwazer, Sara Mazloumsaki and Mick Krever also contributed to this report. The Republican self-congratulation clearly irked Democrats. It forces you to invest more to work with less." The uncertainty extends to prospects for tax cuts. Certainly the snapshot of February\'s labor market is good. Construction Accounted for About 58,000, or Almost a Quarter, of the New Jobs in February. ( Photograph by Mike Blake/Reuters) (A15) Charts: The Labor Picture in February: Unemployment Rate; Share of Population; Unemployment Demographics; \'Hidden\' Unemployment; Unemployment by Education Level; Duration of Unemployment; Type of Work; Employment; Average Weekly Earnings (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (A15): Stocks rose on Friday after a strong February jobs report. They have also anticipated since last week that the Fed would raise interest rates on Wednesday. The employment data did nothing to challenge that. " And the Obamacare repeal is not going well.', '2017-03-12': 'Diplomatic Fight Between Turkey And The Netherlands Escalates : Turkey told the Netherlands on Sunday that it would retaliate in the “harshest ways. ” Will ICE’s Help-Wanted Sign Be a Welcome Mat for Rogue Applicants, Too? : But the perceived lack of planning for such a scenario has irked her fellow politicians, who have warned that no agreement would be "very destructive" for both the UK and Europe. \' This government must not make a comparable mistake. " Both sides would suffer economic losses and harm to their international reputations. German-Turkish relations have been on a downslide of late. It would have been scheduled for later this month in Denmark. CNN\'s Isil Sariyuce in Istanbul, Elizabeth Roberts and Simon Cullen in London and Hande Atay Alam in Atlanta contributed to this report. The overall economy is in reasonably good shape. Mr. Trump likes to say that he "inherited a mess." Those are real facts, not alternative ones. Their interpretation is that big ideas are just getting harder to find. Unfortunately, there is no sign that this is about to change. Like other prices, whenever it changes, some people gain, and others lose. It is not useful to think of a stronger or a weaker dollar as either good or bad. Let\'s hope he chooses to appoint some soon. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.', '2017-03-13': 'Parliament Clears Way for ‘Brexit’ Talks as Scottish Threaten Independence Vote : Prime Minister Theresa May won her battle to start talks on Britain’s exit from the European Union, though the first minister of Scotland demanded a new referendum on Scottish independence. Then, with rapid-fire speed, came the responses. But in Toledo, this reluctance is changing -- and quickly. And I have to say, it makes you feel gutsy -- ready to step up and start investing again." The Local Economy has Been Recovering As Industries Like Health Care Have Picked Up the Slack. Are the Turks living in this country terrorists?" She was later escorted out of the country. CNN\'s Becky Anderson contributed to this story.: The Fed will publish new projections on Wednesday. Growth above the sustainable pace can lead to higher inflation. The question is how long that can continue. But Mr. Trump has not put forward his own. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in the Morning Briefing newsletter. The German chancellor’s angst is understandable. Riot police responded with dogs and water cannon.', '2017-03-14': 'Defunding Planned Parenthood Would Leave Poor And Rural Women Without Care: CBO : The GOP\'s health care bill would likely lead to a spike in unplanned births. The GOP Bill Would Make It Even Bigger. : Trump\'s New Muslim Ban Blames Islam For Violence Against Women. What now?Fillon has remained defiant so far and has consistently refused to stand down. Read MoreMay hit back at Sturgeon, the Scottish National Party (SNP) leader. " Such a process has become a formality in modern times. That cannot be a secure basis on which to build a better Scotland. It will be Scotland\'s choice and I trust the people of Scotland to make that choice." Nobody can be sure who would win," he said. This is of unbelievably low quality and style. This is very unacceptable and extremely irritating. " She was later escorted out of the country. CNN\'s Rosalyn Saab, James Gray and Schams Elwazer also contributed to this report.: It remains within 1 percent of its record, which was set this month. Three stocks rose for every two that fell on the New York Stock Exchange. said J. J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. The job market has been on the upswing recently, and so has inflation.', '2017-03-15': 'Dutch Far Right Candidate Geert Wilders Performs Worse Than Expected In Key Election : The Netherlands’ election was the first big test of 2017 for Europe’s right-wing populist movement. A lot of political capital is going to be required on both fronts," he added. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Mr Wilders’ Freedom party (PVV) is polling second in the race. @ “ PVV-stemmers bedankt!We hebben zetels gewonnen!Eerste winst is binnen!En Rutte is nog lang niet van mij af!!— That\'s good news," the German Foreign Ministry tweeted. I\'m turning 70, so I guess that\'s my group!" But it can also lead to lengthy periods of political instability and uncertainty. And eventually it will end up in the middle -- which is where we have been for the last few years already. NL voters mark their ballots with a red pencil to prevent mistakes from any errant marks on the black and white paper. This year, votes will be entirely hand counted. CNN\'s Rosalyn Saab and Hilary McGann contributed to this report. Secessionist fever could be catchingPro-independence supporters hold Basque and Catalan independence flags. I am extremely against it, the treaties are extremely against it and I believe everyone is extremely against it. On the one hand you have a desire for more autonomy, but to', '2017-03-16': 'Top Leaders Got Big Pay as Crisis Hit Wells Fargo : The bank’s former chief executive added $83 million in stock in 2016, and his successor received a raise. Read MoreFrench law strictly prohibits Holocaust denial. Turnout was 81%, according to state broadcaster NOS, the highest in three decades. Long lines formed at some polling stations as voters turned out in droves. All together for change and revive the (European) Union. If not, then they haven\'t seen the back of me yet. There are 22 of 388 municipalities left to report. In his victory speech, Rutte struck a conciliatory note. Such a process has become a formality in modern times. Yet it was not the money that mattered most. We think we\'re moving on the same course we\'ve been on." And that still seems to be a 2019 topic." The Fed\'s policy-making committee next meets on May 2 and 3. Savers are unlikely to benefit immediately. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Fed Officials Say the Economy Is Growing at Roughly Its Maximum Sustainable Pace. (: What about kiosks that dispense aeroplane boarding passes? It’s these state-linked corporates in China or', '2017-03-17': 'North Korea’s remaining links to global banking networks via Swift have been severed, according to the Brussels-based international system that supports most of the world’s financial transactions. @ The free spirit for which the Dutch are often celebrated was under virulent attack ahead of this week’s elections, the first test in 2017 of the strength of the populist insurgency sweeping across Europe and threatening the future of the EU. @ He made little effort to sanitise his message. But the Fed held to its forecast for three. Oracle, a computer technology company, jumped $2.68, or 6.2 percent, to close at $45.73 for the biggest gain in the S.&P. 500. It was the eighth drop for oil in the last nine days. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Freddie Mac Yields: Average for Some Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Securities. (: The charge is that Goldman Sachs is able to extract certain advantages that others cannot. Those in government bend over backward to avoid any perception of favoritism." Goldman\'s lawyer denied involvement by the firm. Nonetheless, that could change after the Trump administration. Interior Chief Ryan Zinke Vowed To Fight Budget Cuts. The secretary told his staff he\'d seek "the whole enchilada." "', '2017-03-18': 'Gunman’s Attack on Soldier at French Airport Is Seen as Possible Terrorist Act : The attack, which the authorities were treating as a possible act of terrorism, prompted a partial evacuation and security sweep of the airport and briefly halted flights. People are leaving the factories and going back to their towns." The episode became known as "the taper tantrum." " Still, some countries are already showing strains. Within the investing world, the peso functions as a proxy for all developing countries -- the thing to bet against when sentiments go negative. " China suffered little, claiming vindication. I might just get a couple hundred million more." So brightly that, on an episode of her reality show, she joked, "I\'m Kim Kardashian." China is not buying commodities like it used to. Her wages purchased fresh fruit and meat. She hired a nanny to look after her three daughters. PETER S. GOODMAN, KEITH BRADSHER and NEIL GOUGH Follow @petersgoodman, @keithbradsher and @n_gough on Twitter. Safak Timur contributed reporting from Istanbul. Sources: Institute of International Finance; Reuters (Currencies)) (B4)', '2017-03-19': 'Merkel Rival on Left Wins His Party’s Nomination With 100 Percent of the Vote : Mr. Schulz became the leader of Germany’s Social Democrats in a unanimous vote at a special convention. His best-received lines came at President Trump’s expense. Democrats May Be Botching This Supreme Court Confirmation Fight : Heading into Neil Gorsuch\'s hearing, it\'s unclear how they plan to land blows on Donald Trump\'s conservative court pick. In Combat Against Harassment : An online fight against posting of women’s nude photos by male groups of Marines and veterans has been fortified by criticism of the practice by Jim Mattis, a cult figure in the corps. North Korea\'s Kim Jong Un Says Engine Test Is \'New Birth\' Of Rocket Industry : "The whole world will soon witness what eventful significance the great victory won today carries. " Tillerson Says Trump Looks Forward To Enhancing Understanding With China : The meeting with Xi came amid increased tensions on the Korean Peninsula. Underdog Apps Fill a Void Where Uber and Lyft Don’t Go : The two all-but-ubiquitous ride-sharing apps no longer operate in Austin, Tex. But the city doesn’t seem to be hurting, even in the midst of a huge festival.', '2017-03-20': 'Finance ministers from the world’s leading economies had gone into this weekend’s G20 meeting in the spa town of Baden-Baden eager to ease their most powerful member closer to the centre ground. We have reached an impasse,” Mr Schäuble said, later adding: “We did go to great lengths, we tried everything, we went down many avenues together and unilaterally.” @ Mr Xi and his US counterpart, Donald Trump, are expected to meet early next month in Florida. In recent years a flood of footloose international capital, much of it from China, has been searching for homes in which to invest. In parts of the world, however, that cash has become rather less welcome. @ They joined Hong Kong and Singapore, which already penalised foreign buyers. It has made billions of people wealthier and freer. I’m multicultural and speak five languages. That is largely because the dot plot remained unchanged. Neil Gorsuch Allegedly Said Women Abuse Maternity Leave. It sure sounds like he\'s calling for sex discrimination. Not a good look for a Supreme Court justice. The majority voted accordingly and I see this as short-sighted. People who boast about their IQ are losers. "', '2017-03-21': 'After 35 Years, Nevada Is Slated To Ratify The Equal Rights Amendment : The original push to pass the ERA fell just three states short. The US has provided leadership to the world trading system for decades: in its absence, things could fall apart. @ A healthy canary meant a healthy mine in the old days. The measure was successful — too much so, in fact. From first half lows, coal prices nearly doubled to November highs. The selection is taken from our Markets Insight and Smart Money columns, written by industry contributors and FT commentators. @ Admitting you are a bull on China takes bravery. However, an increasing number of analysts are publicly confessing their bullishness. “ Here’s a proposal to unite them: catastrophic coverage for all. Platform Companies Are Becoming More Powerful — but What Exactly Do They Want? : After BJP swept Uttar Pradesh elections in a landslide last week, taking 75% of available seats, Yogi Adityanath became head of the state\'s government. We want to serve UP\'s youth and create opportunities for them." Editor\'s note: This story has been updated for clarity.: The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index lost 4.78 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,373.47. Britain is expected to officially exit in 2019. Needless injury and death can be really expensive.', '2017-03-22': 'Neil Gorsuch Won\'t Explicitly Condemn Donald Trump\'s Attacks On Judges : In a Senate hearing, the Supreme Court nominee said it was discouraging when "anyone" impugns the integrity of those on the bench. Erdogan Warns Europeans \'Will Not Walk Safely\' If Current Attitude Persists : Turkey has been embroiled in a spat with Germany and the Netherlands. At least three people, including a police officer, have been killed, and at least 20 injured, Met Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Mark Rowley told reporters Wednesday. In the last referendum in 2014, Scotland voted 55% to 45% to remain in the United Kingdom. Brexit isn\'t the motivation for another referendum -- it\'s just the latest excuse," she said. It would then be up to politicians in London to make the final decision -- a decision which could lead to bringing about the end of the United Kingdom. The top groups are as good as anywhere in the world \u2009. It had been one of Wall Street\'s more confounding streaks. And that is true here because we have been in one of the most peaceful, calm periods in the history of the stock market." The value of the dollar slipped against the euro and other major currencies. No signs indicate those expectations have fundamentally changed. The Floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photograph by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) (B4) Chart: The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. (', '2017-03-23': "Trump's Agriculture Pick Sure Doesn't Seem Opposed To Food Stamp Cuts : Senators from both parties have hardly questioned the nominee on the federal nutrition program. But the annual operating margin shrank from 39 per cent to 37 per cent. China’s vast consumer classes are restocking their store cupboards. For the urbanites of Beijing and Shanghai, cheap booze no longer appeals. The market has been maturing even as consumer tastes become more sophisticated. The launch comes amid growing confrontation between the reclusive nation and the US. That is a problem for the prime minister. The threats were made against sites in the United States, Australia and New Zealand. In one case, an airline had to make an emergency landing, Rosenfeld said. The FBI confirmed the arrest and said in a statement it could not provide further information. It's obviously a very disturbed young man, and I pity his parents. CNN's Sarah Jorgensen, Mary Kay Mallonee,  Abeer Salman, Mike Schwartz, AnneClaire Stapleton and Holly Yan contributed to this report.: The Republican-backed health care bill appeared to be in trouble before a planned vote in the House of Representatives on Thursday. The price of gold rose for the fifth straight day. The dollar slipped to 110.92 yen, from 111.90 yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. (", '2017-03-24': "As the cognoscenti flock to Bordeaux next month for the first tasting of wine from the most recent harvest, they could do worse than consult Dr Copper on the outlook for the fine wine market. @ Vintages of vin rouge, rather than red metal, will be front of mind for oenophiles in south-west France but the markets share a key characteristic: they are affected by the liquidity in the Chinese economy. @ Barely a year ago, Vale, the Brazilian mining company, was reeling. Fast forward 13 months and iron ore is back in fashion. Much of that recovery has come since the turn of the year. South Korea has insisted its installation is essential to protect against a growing threat from North Korea. This in no way diminishes the human cost. Four people are dead, including Mr Masood, and around 40 injured. Nonetheless, the reaction of both the UK government and the public — a level-headed acceptance of the situation and resolve to carry on — is the correct one. But the closings are shaking the economy. Turns out that’s a lot harder than they figured. Gorsuch Deserves No Free Pass At The Expense Of Women : The Supreme Court nominee's history proves he's an existential threat to women's freedom. Now they are fighting for influence in the company.", '2017-03-25': 'Israel May Offer General Commitment to Slow Settlement Building : Such a vague agreement would be less than some hoped for, especially after President Trump raised the rapid spread of settlements as a roadblock to peace. Civics Lesson on Display: Health Care Is Still Hard : Visitors from Vero Beach, Fla., witnessed two days of political meltdown as the Republican bill to replace the Affordable Care Act failed to come to a vote in the House. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and the clothing company PVH rose. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. You\'re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform," he said. Those are aspects of his proposed agenda that Wall Street is excited about. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Read MoreArmed British police officers carry their weapons as they patrol during Saturday\'s march. In Central #London today there will be additional Police officers on duty for security and reassurance.— We never wanted this, we never voted for this. We\'re putting up barriers everywhere with Trump, with Brexit, with what happened to Holland. ... We are just one planet, and we should all come together. "', '2017-03-26': ': Can you guess which world currency has gained the most since Donald J. Trump\'s inauguration as president? The connection isn\'t perfect, but the two have had a very close and extremely uncomfortable relationship. And at the moment, it has taken an unexpected turn. That move was consistent with patterns throughout the presidential campaign. That\'s why the data from the foreign exchange markets is so interesting. The peso isn\'t being battered these days. There are several possible explanations for this. Mexican officials have been talking up the peso, too. That briefly set off fears of another deep financial crisis. Of course, there is an intriguing possibility. The financial markets may well be voting now. But in at least one respect, finance is not like politics. The markets will vote again and again, thousands of times a day. Trump\'s Budget Director Blames Everyone But The President For Obamacare Repeal Failure : Washington is "a lot more rotten than we thought it was," Mick Mulvaney said. "', '2017-03-27': 'Brussels is considering publishing its main negotiating positions in Brexit talks, adopting a policy of full transparency that may wrongfoot the more secretive British side. @ A final decision has yet to be taken and EU officials stress it will need to be discussed with member states. Every person, every machine, every computer is creating data. And explicitly or implicitly embedded in all this data are little nuggets of alpha. ” Mr Trump tweeted an attack yesterday on his Republican opponents. “ Calls grow for Nunes to step aside in Russia probe - CNNPolitics : Calls grow for Nunes to step aside in Russia probe : Story highlightsRep. You have to be able to separate yourself from that. I think there needs to be a lot of explaining to do. This story has been updated to include breaking news. CNN\'s Deirdre Walsh, Manu Raju, David Wright and Eugene Scott contributed to this report. The Dollar Shave Club and Jet.com deals have helped vault Ms. Green this year to No. 5 on the list of top 20 venture capitalists. She began her career as an accountant auditing retailers. People can buy what they want in any way that they want it. That trend started a long time ago, and it has really changed everything." Com, in Which Kirsten Green Invested in 2014. (', '2017-03-28': 'Young Voters In Donald Trump\'s Counties Are Especially Positive About America\'s Direction : They must see something their peers elsewhere don\'t. This State Shows Us What A Future With A Hobbled EPA Could Look Like : Hint: Our water is almost certainly not going to get cleaner. Conventional wisdom usually blames two factors: first, central banks such as the Fed have deliberately pushed down policy rates with startling quantitative easing experiments  second, rates have been depressed by the curse of “secular stagnation”, the phrase coined by Harvard economist Lawrence Summers. @ had] held a meeting with 23 creditor banks” on March 23. Early Voting Favors Democrat Jon Ossoff In Georgia\'s Special Election : Democrats hope to capture the House seat recently vacated by Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price. These guys are hardcore marketers," Sood said on "Squawk Alley." It gives the an opportunity to play with it and use it," he said. Great power status and the desire for external domination have long been central components of the Russian system of personalised power. Nevertheless, the hassle of the slower speed has moved a Brooklyn power broker to act.', '2017-03-29': 'Tsinghua Unigroup, the Chinese state-backed semiconductor group, has secured $22bn in new finances from government investors to fund acquisitions and help upgrade the country’s semiconductor industry. @ Wall Street followed the worldwide gains in stocks on Tuesday after consumer confidence in the United States soared to a more than 16-year high and the dollar bounced from a four-month low to post its best day in nearly a month. The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( And most of that money came from people living in the United States. What if some of it went to building a wall on the border? That idea is unpopular with money transfer companies and immigrant rights advocates. But at least one US state has taken this approach. The chances: The numbers might add up, but it\'s still a tough sell. He dubbed the approach "a creative solution to a complex problem." CNN\'s Jeremey Diamond, Theodore Schleifer and Patrick Gillespie contributed to this report. As a piece of branding, it was unfortunate.', '2017-03-30': 'New York State Inches Closer To Single-Payer Plan With Pickup Of New Support : But critics wonder whether the additional backing is merely symbolic. It may be a faster gateway to the solar system. Part of the problem is that despite Mr. Trump\'s Oval Office sessions with chief executives and the return of what the economist John Maynard Keynes termed "animal spirits," corporate America is not investing heavily, at least so far, in new plants and equipment. It\'s nothing robust but at least we\'re up for the year and we\'re happy about that." " A Worker On the Factory Floor at Valdese Weavers, a Maker of High-End Fabrics, in Valdese, N.C. (B1); an Inspection at Valdese Weavers. On March 29, the British government is to notify the EU of its intention to leave. The UK will be poorer, more divided and less influential. @ The supply chains that link physical goods and services together work best over short distances. The models on which Brexiters rely ignore this reality. North Carolina \'bathroom bill\' repealed - CNNPolitics : North Carolina repeals \'bathroom bill\'  : Story highlightsGov. We\'ve got until 2020 to work this out," Moore said. These states are New York, Minnesota, Washington, Vermont and Connecticut. CNN\'s Sarah Aarthun, Sheena Jones, Chris Boyette, Emanuella Grinberg, Linh Tran and Jill Martin contributed to this report. Republicans Are About To Sell Your Browser History.', '2017-03-31': 'Minister’s Firing in South Africa Shakes Economy and Widens a Political Rift : President Jacob Zuma dismissed Pravin Gordhan as part of an abrupt cabinet reshuffle, a move that also prompted protests and sent the rand into a nose-dive. That could alter a tenuous balance of power. Foreign investors complained that the requirement violated World Trade Organisation rules against forced transfer of technology. Data from research group Dealogic show sovereign bond sales from emerging markets rose to $69.6bn in the first three months of the year, an increase of 48 per cent from a year ago and a record amount for a single quarter. @ It will then start operating in other markets such as France and Germany. Its only office so far in the region is in Milan. @ “ Donald Trump Tweeted About Enlisting The Full Potential Of Women. Oil futures closed above the $50 a barrel mark. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 69.17 points, or 0.33 percent, to 20,728.49, the S.&P. 500 gained 6.93 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,368.06 and the Nasdaq composite added 16.80 points, or 0.28 percent, to 5,914.34. We are likely to see a good quarter in terms of earnings, so I think there is some anticipation perhaps in the market here." The Nasdaq Minute by Minute: Position of the Nasdaq Composite Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (: Tom Buerkle is associate editor of Reuters Breakingviews. For more independent commentary and analysis, visit breakingviews.com.', '2017-04-01': 'Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show : Financial entanglements of the new senior White House aide heightens conflicts of interest concerns. The decision of Chinese broker Guotai Junan to offer a single price for its $2.1bn Hong Kong flotation, pricing on Friday, has stirred hopes that it could encourage greater international interest in the city’s initial public offerings. @ Politicians in Washington sought vainly to hide their triumphalism. @ In the annals of American decline, this episode will surely loom large.: Wall Street closed a solid quarter Friday with a day of listless trading that ended on a soft note. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index had its best three-month stretch since the fourth quarter of 2015. The three indexes ended the day down slightly. The market has performed very well," she said. DuPont will buy FMC\'s health and nutrition unit. DuPont also will get $1.6 billion, mostly in cash. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Venezuelan Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz also decried the ruling this week. Protests erupted on the street and in the halls of government. Venezuelans suffer from chronic food and medical shortages. CNN\'s Kiarinna Parisi, Jennifer Deaton, Marilia Brocchetto and journalist Stefano Pozzebon contributed to this report. 2 defense job, which others found too big to handle.', '2017-04-02': "With A Little Luck, Trump And His Cronies Will Disrupt Their Own Plans : Daily, our senses are attacked and our intelligence insulted. Russia Detains Anti-Corruption Protesters In Moscow : The turnout at the demonstrtion was far smaller than at last week's wave of protests. Trump Earns Majority Of Americans' Disapproval In Record Time : It took George W. Bush years to get to this point. How Dyson Keeps Winning : With an eye for both design and engineering, this British consumer electronics company is aiming for — and winning — the high end of the market. Trump’s Plans Fuel Big Dreams by Deal Makers : At an annual conference at Tulane University, lawyers, bankers and even activist investors agreed that mergers and acquisitions should boom to new levels under President Trump. Needed: A Democratic Shadow Cabinet : Leading Democrats could hold Trump accountable for his bizarre positions and offer more attractive alternatives every week.", '2017-04-03': 'Equal Pay Won\'t Happen As Long As Employers Ask For Salary Histories : Wage gaps that begin early can follow workers all their working lives. Spicer Impression Shows The Deepening Hole In Which The White House Finds Itself : "Robots attacking the Meals on Wheels charity center are being mischaracterized.": Here\'s a look at what\'s coming up this week. Auto manufacturers on Monday are set to report new car sales for March, and a rise of about 2 percent from March 2016 is expected, to around 1.6 million light vehicles. But analysts warn that the increase may be masking market weakness. Over the years, the letter has become a must-read for many in the business world. The question now is how many more times the Fed plans to raise rates this year. The United States wants China\'s help in confronting North Korea, while China wants the United States to play a lesser role in the South China Sea and Taiwan. Keith Bradsher ECONOMY March data will probably show a slight hiring slowdown. Nelson D. Schwartz This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Trump Budget Threatens to Halt Transit Projects : A Second Avenue subway extension and a new train tunnel under the Hudson are counting on federal funding that the president is proposing to slash.', '2017-04-04': 'DNC Chair: \'Sorry Not Sorry\' For Saying Republicans \'Don\'t Give A S**t About People\' : Perez also drew fire for saying Donald Trump "didn\'t win this election. " Is Filibuster Fight the Main Event, or Merely the Undercard? : Tesla, the electric-vehicle upstart, continues to surge. Nobody thinks Ford or G.M. is going to do that." Tesla\'s sales for the same period: 4,000. While you have Ford and G.M., and they\'re these decades-old, more-institutional industrial companies." I don\'t know of any car company that\'s ever done that in a two-year period." Photograph by Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg) (B2): The major stock indexes started the second quarter with a thud Monday after carmakers reported disappointing March sales, a possible warning about a slowdown in consumer spending. But a late recovery helped stocks avoid bigger losses. That in turn might mean manufacturers and other companies will not open as many factories or hire as many workers. " But some Maoists say Mr. Trump also offers a model. Chinese rightists are the traitors, while Chinese leftists are the patriots." They are disdained by the middle class and kept on a tether by the party authorities. They know the officials use them, but they also use the officials." A Portrait of Mao Zedong in Tiananmen Square. Maoists Are a Small Minority but Are Embracing President Trump\'s Agenda. ( These Prisoners Are Trying To Stop That. :', '2017-04-05': "Trump Struggles to Win All Sides on Health Bill : With the administration struggling to gather enough G.O.P. support in the House for a new bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, party leaders say no action is imminent. A $280,000 renovation will make them even fancier. O'Reilly Factor' Loses About 15 Advertisers. But even such mutually beneficial investments have courted controversy — in both countries. “ If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will.” No other country has remotely comparable economic influence. Kia’s overseas sales for March contracted 12.5 per cent year on year. China has great influence over North Korea. The terracotta army of China bulls is back. That sentiment has at last reached international investors. China continues to dominate inflows to emerging markets. The glib rejection hides a range of concerns including the fear that such applicants will be too costly (even if they protest they are ready to work for below their market rate)  too snooty (despite their grovelling displays of humility), or too hard to please (notwithstanding their desire for one thing and one thing only: that job). @ The focus on a Central Asian suspect highlights one of the key terrorism risks for Russia.", '2017-04-06': 'Bipartisan Opposition To Trump\'s Water Cuts Is Already Growing : Dozens of Democrats and Republicans in Congress are fighting cuts to a program that rural communities rely on for clean water. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an intraday high. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. On the surface, the two companies would seem to have a lot in common," the "Mad Money" host acknowledged. The company reports again in three weeks. Now the Fed is gradually reducing that support. But the index has still climbed more than 5 percent so far this year. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in the Morning Briefing newsletter. One way or another, these dollars generate jobs and income for other people. Much of Walmart\'s business model was built on a reliance on Chinese factories. Assembling Micromotors for Phones at a Factory in Huaibei, China, Last Month. They stopped Hillary Clinton and they put him in power. " What ticked him off is the fact that I didn\'t vote for him and that I came out and said I\'m not going to vote for him." I have thick skin, this doesn\'t bother me at all."', '2017-04-07': 'California Lawmakers Approve Gas Tax To Pay For $52 Billion Infrastructure Plan : California’s transportation systems have gone unrepaired and unexpanded for decades. In other words: next time you call, we won\'t pick up. " Everything turned out to be exactly opposite. We are very sorry about that and we are very concerned," Peskov added. For those who prefer to view the glass as half full, it\'s difficult to see how relations could get any worse. It was a rare moment of harmony between the Trump administration and Ms. Warren. Credit: MICHAEL CORKERY and JESSICA SILVER-GREENBERG; Matthew Goldstein contributed reporting. But unemployment fell to 4.5 percent, the lowest in almost a decade. Syrians Opposed to Assad Feel Sense of Satisfaction, but Also Fear Reprisals : Syrians attacked by the government of Bashar al-Assad welcomed the American assault, praising President Trump and the destruction of Al Shayrat, an “airport of death. ” And in many cases, they can do so unilaterally, without the approval of Congress. AMIE TSANG Follow Amie Tsang on Twitter @amietsang. Maybe this nationalism goes further and we enter into something that might be very uncomfortable for our lifestyles. Why does the capital account matter more?', '2017-04-08': 'U.S. Strike on Syria Fuels  Uncertainty on the Ground : President Trump’s decision to respond with military force to a chemical attack on Syrian civilians was met on the ground with a mix of optimism and doubt. In light of Mr. Smitherman\'s stated views on climate change, which are incompatible with NRG\'s disclosed business strategy and risks, we question his ability to act in the best interests of NRG and its shareholders," Mr. Stringer wrote in the letter. " Shares started to rise in afternoon trading, but those gains did not last. One-time factors including snowstorms may have temporarily slowed hiring. The unemployment rate fell to 4.5 percent, its lowest level since 2007. Kantar Media says the show brought in more than $100 million in advertising revenue in 2016. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Economic perceptions, as well, may not be playing out in reality. If consumption were going to improve, it would have already." Congressional Democrats took a dimmer view. President Trump promised that he would be \'the greatest jobs producer that God ever created.\' Democrats on the Joint Economic Committee will hold him to this promise." People who don\'t see the value in working for $10 an hour might do so for $15. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.', '2017-04-09': 'Montana Republicans Spending Taxpayer Money To Avoid A Defeat : The GOP fears a mail-in ballot would favor a Democrat in the special election for a Trump appointee\'s old House seat. Police Say Uzbek Suspect In Swedish Truck Attack Had Expressed Sympathy For Islamic State : The suspect applied for permanent residence in Sweden in 2014. Many Democratic states have bounced back more vigorously. I fell out of bed when I got up in the morning on Nov. 9," he admitted. " I didn\'t quite know what I was voting for." By March, the positions were reversed, with an even more extreme split. Republicans\' expectations had soared to 122.5, equivalent to levels registered in boom times. If you are a Democrat, you are primed for negativity. It carries through in your view of everything else. " But the country has so far failed to cash in.: Certainly, this is no time for complacency. In a nutshell, the American economy appears to have changed in a way that undermines the effectiveness of monetary policy but not fiscal policy, which may need to be wielded more actively. All of this is the result of two broad trends. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.', '2017-04-10': 'Jeff Sessions Is Beginning To Dismantle Even Minor Gains Made In Policing : The attorney general\'s politics place him at odds with Black communities and, occasionally, the officers policing them. China’s four centrally controlled asset management companies (AMCs) were set up in 1999 to swallow toxic assets from banks, and have had their assets grow expansively over the past five years. @ This is the first time two have occurred so close together. " Going over those reefs this year, you can tell how low the coral cover was. My expectation is that has happened, based on what I saw from the air and what I saw last year." to become the world’s most valuable liquor-company. @ The sculpture featured a seagul vomiting plastic. And we are actually seeing them going backwards. " We agree that action is needed, are open to doing more and to working with others to create long-term, effective solutions. " Here\'s a look at what\'s coming up this week. Ms. Yellen will also take questions from the audience. Retail sales probably rose 0.3 percent in March, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Conor Dougherty Some closings for Good Friday. Zach Wichter This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2017-04-11': 'Passengers Aren’t The Priority For United Airlines : The airline\'s tone-deaf public relations response to its most recent controversy demonstrates disregard for customers. Finding It Hard To Keep Up With The News? Just a third of politically engaged Americans say they\'re finding this year unusually overwhelming. Either way, it is an academic distinction. The only cows visible in the zone are a herd of sculptures by a roadside. Observers on both sides seem to be relieved. Nearly 40 years since starting to liberalise its economy, China’s adoption of a fully fledged market economy is still far from complete. China’s decision was designed to make a big noise without necessarily changing very much. The pronouncement on beef involved a highly symbolic American product. Read MoreBut the mood in Russia was bleak. " Lack of clarity from USWhat\'s the US position? The Trump administration has sent mixed signals on Syria and Russia. Russia is Syria\'s main ally, and used the same airfield as a forward operating base. Message for Moscow What\'s happening in Moscow this week?', '2017-04-12': 'The United Continental row deepened yesterday as the airline’s chief executive sparked further anger by defending the actions of staff after a screaming and injured male passenger was forcibly removed from an overbooked flight. @ Well, of course he is and of course he does. Lost luggage, missed connections, cancellations, poor food, inadequate legroom. We believe every incident should be properly investigated," he said. Syrians bury victims of a gas attack in Khan Sheikhun. A military campaign in Iraq ensued, which ended with the destruction of the country, an increased terrorist threat and the emergence of ISIS on the international scene," Putin said. " CNN\'s Angela Dewan, Sebastian Shukla and Alexander Felton contributed to this report. Tesla\'s market surge has been extraordinary. A smooth Model 3 rollout could propel Tesla to new heights. It has debt payments coming due in 2018, 2019 and 2021. Producing a half a million cars a year in one plant will not be easy even without such problems. Any stability, though, would come at a price. Other potential investors include the American microchip makers Western Digital and Broadcom and SK Hynix of South Korea.', '2017-04-13': 'While the allegations surrounding President Donald Trump’s shadowy ties to Russia are unsettling, as of yet, no smoking gun has been found. However, one need only look at Russia today to see the end result of such policies. To remove a booked, paid, seating passenger? Its experience should serve as an example — and not just for the tech industry. @ We expect them to come back to the ballot. " The French electorate love the idea of a "father of the nation." Maud le Rest and Margaux Deygas in Paris contributed to this report. Putin and Tillerson Find Very Little to Agree On : Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said after meeting President Vladimir V. Putin that Russia and the United States needed to “put an end to this steady degradation. ” JUST WATCHEDIs this the most powerful man in the world?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHIs this the most powerful man in the world? Relations began cooling apace after that. But her attempted thaw didn\'t work and the cooling continued. He lost an ally in Libyan strong man Moammar Gadhafi. The colder it gets the more popular he becomes. Tillerson\'s challenge will be managing the flame.', '2017-04-14': 'Hitting a Speed Bump : Stocks have soared in the hope the president’s business-friendly proposals would be enacted. But after the recent failure of the health care bill, all bets are off. While that gave the stocks a boost early on, those gains faded. Benchmark crude rose 7 cents to close at $53.18 per barrel in New York. Federal officials were waiting for the results of tests to determine whether a potentially carcinogenic chemical had entered Lake Michigan. Major stock indexes overseas closed mostly lower. U.S. markets will be closed on Friday for the Good Friday holiday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (: Their borrowing habits, however, may tell a different story. Yet the banking data may be sending out some mixed signals. With smaller inventories, businesses need fewer loans. Bank loans are also not the only way that companies can borrow. To expect it to be to be smooth sailing would just be silly," Mr. Dimon said. Republicans faced a surprisingly close call on Tuesday. The US, many reckoned, was back in the game. @ Some are lured by dreams of peacemaking greatness  others are forced into rescuing allies and reminding enemies of American leadership.', '2017-04-15': 'North Korean Missile Test Fails, and a Leader’s Show of Strength Fizzles : The timing was an embarrassment for Kim Jong-un, because the launch appeared to have been intended to coincide with the approach of a fleet of American warships. A state judge’s ruling had already put the schedule in doubt. Turkey\'s foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, defended the government\'s actions in an interview with CNN\'s Christiane Amanpour in September. That number has since grown more than ten-fold. THE MEDIAThe widespread crackdown has also extended to the country\'s media organizations. It\'s rare to meet anyone without strong feelings toward him." This means the number of people living below the poverty line dropped from 23% of the population to less than 2% in that time. Today\'s couple has an apartment -- of course with a mortgage. They go to shopping centers and they travel. It\'s no longer the cheerful happy city it once was. Turkey applied to become a member of the European Union in 1987. Negotiations only began in 2005 and talks have since hit a wall. Turkish Referendum: When Democracy Falls Short Of A Majority : It is essential we acknowledge that Turkey, as we know of, has already been lost with Erdogan and has become a threat to the region’s and world’s security.', '2017-04-16': 'Turkey referendum: Erdogan declares victory - CNN : Turkey referendum: Erdogan declares victory : Story highlights"This is a message to the world to shut up; Turkey is getting stronger," reveler says after President declares winVoters were asked to endorse a reform package that would replace the current system of parliamentary democracyAnkara (CNN)Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and the country\'s prime minister have declared victory in a Sunday referendum designed to hand Erdogan sweeping powers. This referendum will be the most effective thing in the rebirth of the Ottoman Empire. " We will continue marching on from where we left. " CNN\'s Hande Atay Alam and Deborah Bloom contributed to this report. I don\'t think either is going to take place in a hurry." Now if the data stays where it is, the Fed will raise rates once a quarter. That\'s heady company to be keeping," he said. " Pricing looks better for this year and next." This shift has been building gradually for years. Over the past three years, average annual growth has increased to $40 billion. " And that is bringing a sea change in employment." In short, traditional retail may never recover. That requires highly motivated employees."', '2017-04-17': "A Former Spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban Surrenders : Sajjid Mohmand, better known as Ehsanullah Ehsan, gained prominence through his ambitious media campaigns, savvy use of social media networks and frequent contact with journalists. A new model of the Samsung Galaxy is selling briskly already. Today, we focus on the question of greatest political consequence. Who stole the jobs — was it robots or foreigners? For it is largely manufacturing jobs we are talking about. SHANGHAI -- China's economic data is usually very predictable. But occasionally there are surprises, though so small that by other countries' standards they would barely be noticed. Government data nonetheless holds some warning signs. Investment and retail sales were also unexpectedly strong. By comparison, figures for growth in the United States can move by one or two full percentage points from quarter to quarter. Real estate is a big factor in China's growth. The additional mortgages have produced frenzied buying over the past year. So March this year was expected to indicate a slowdown. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: KEITH BRADSHER; Ailin Tang contributed research. As it happens, it is a perfectly sensible move. Whatever China has done in the past, the idea that it is intervening to gain a competitive advantage is absurd. Apple, Google, Facebook and other technology companies seem to think so.", '2017-04-18': 'Arkansas Blocked From Effort To Carry Out Its First Execution In 12 Years : The Supreme Court refused to lift a stay of execution for prisoner Don Davis. \' They looked at them and said: \'We are taking you.\'" Chechnya\'s leader Ramzan Kadyrov is backed by Moscow. " They started beating me with their fists and feet. They\'ve got special equipment, which is very powerful. When they shock you, you jump high above the ground." Vote will be held in Parliament on Wednesday. May had full support of Cabinet and had spoken to the Queen. We need a general election and we need one now. " We have said this over and over in my speeches. CNN\'s Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report.: Bank stocks jumped as interest rates recovered. After losses in three of the last four weeks, stocks had their best day in more than a month. Technology companies were led by the chip maker Nvidia and by Google\'s parent company, Alphabet. Arconic makes aluminum, titanium and nickel parts for planes, cars and electronics. The company\'s profit guidance also fell short of analyst estimates. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Traders at the New York Stock Exchange On Monday. It\'s America first, you better believe it. It started as [an] aggressive timeline,” the former Goldman Sachs banker said in an interview with the Financial Times. “ The power of Parliament to scrutinize legislation is curbed. We do not have any difficulties on that front.', '2017-04-19': 'The world economy will grow faster than previously expected this year thanks to increased trade, investment and manufacturing, the International Monetary Fund has said. @ However, data and theoretical deduction tell a different story: economic globalisation is still the norm. But also hanging over this week’s spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank is the shadow of uncertainty. Five months later his armies poured across the 38th parallel and invaded the South. She is now in a position to neutralise them as a threat. The Valley is marching off a political cliff,” he told me this week. “ Not if you listen to the public statements of other tech titans. This should create plenty of political support, or so the argument goes. Read MoreThurston confirmed the exchange to CNN. But the contrition may be too little, too late for the embattled lawmaker. The Florida Democratic Party is demanding his immediate resignation: "His use of horrific racist and sexist slurs towards his colleagues is disgusting, unacceptable and has no place in our democracy or our society. The commerce ministry also has denied any compulsory technology transfer for foreign investors in joint ventures. @ Chinese officials subsequently appeared to backtrack. It is also the world’s largest market for NEVs. @', '2017-04-20': "I.R.S. Plan to Use Private Debt Collectors Raises Fears of Abuse : The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and mortgage regulators from 22 states are moving to limit the operations of Ocwen Financial, which settled a similar set of charges in 2013.O’Reilly May Cost Fox $25 Million : With the payment to the dismissed host, 21st Century Fox payouts related to sexual harassment allegations at Fox News now total more than $85 million. Australian Leader Proposes to Raise More Barriers to Citizenship : Proposed changes in Australia put it at the forefront of a global movement to limit migration and to turn citizenship into a prize for having assimilated. Wells Fargo’s Regulator Says It Missed Red Flags : A report by the bank’s federal regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, faulted its supervision of Wells Fargo as “untimely and ineffective. ” Is Donald Trump Morphing Into A Neocon Interventionist? : Candidate Donald Trump offered a sharp break from his predecessors. Henry Kissinger Barely Musters Up Some Thoughts On Jared Kushner : The former secretary of state is almost positive that Kushner exists. Bill O'Reilly Had A Better 4/20 Than You : Like what you read below? Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! An estimated $1.5tn follows MSCI’s flagship emerging markets stock index. The US dollar has weakened against a range of global currencies in recent months, lessening pressure on the renminbi.", '2017-04-21': "PhRMA Shows Biggest Spike In Lobbying Spending In First Quarter Of President Trump : by Ashley Balcerzak With President Trump’s 100th day looming, he’s struggled to check off some of the big initiatives onTrump Says Terror Attack Will 'Probably Help' Marine Le Pen In French Elections : Trump said Le Pen is “strongest on borders, and she’s the strongest on what’s been going on in France. ” This does not take into account further reductions in living costs. News Roundup for April 21, 2017 : Friday news is the best news. This is a matter that has gone beyond anything that I’m aware of . . . Whenever a case can be made, we will seek to put some people in jail.” @ Both the FBI and the DoJ declined to comment. Theresa May is making a dash for freedom. A glance at the opinion polls tells you the stars will never be more favourably aligned. @ Had she not said many times that the present parliament would run its full course until 2020? Received wisdom has taken quite a battering lately. The alternative was to hold on to office without power. If the line continued south, they could reach Pyongyang within one hour and Seoul within two. @ While such cross-border links are planned with China’s neighbours in south-east and central Asia, in Dandong they remain a fantasy as Sino-US tensions build over North Korea’s nuclear and missile programmes. Economically, things have changed utterly.", '2017-04-22': "Top NYC Officials Condemn Justice Department's Claim City 'Soft On Crime' : In a week, Attorney General Jeff Sessions angers Hawaiians and New Yorkers. Disability Rights Advocates Accuse Washington Post Of Perpetuating 'Myths' About Benefits : They worry the newspaper's coverage will embolden politicians who want to slash aid. Stocks on Wall Street slumped Friday as financial and health care companies moved lower. Industrial companies rose as stocks continued the up-and-down pattern they've been stuck in for the last month. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 30.95 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,547.76. Stocks climbed in the final minutes of trading and left the S.&P. 1 percent higher for the week. On the same day, the federal government is scheduled to reach its borrowing limit, which could trigger a government shutdown unless Congress agrees to an extension. Next week the market may also react to the first round of voting in the French presidential election. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Saturday. ( As Retail Goes, So Goes the Nation : As suburban malls fall to online retailers, the challenge is to ensure that remaining jobs and new ones are better than those that are lost.", '2017-04-23': 'Antarctic Researchers Face Bitter Cold To Support The March For Science : Scientists from the North and South poles joined the global movement. And we are making some pretty good success. Saudi Arabia Restores Salaries and Bonuses Amid Grumbling : King Salman also promoted his sons Prince Khaled bin Salman as ambassador to the U.S. and Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman as state minister for energy affairs. Trump\'s Family Planning Cuts Would Cause Global Side Effects : The president\'s proposed spending slash could spark a rise in global health crisesNorth Korea, With Characteristic Bluster, Threatens To Sink U.S. Aircraft Carrier : The commentary was carried on page three of the newspaper, after a two-page feature about leader Kim Jong Un inspecting a pig farm. Bill Nye Slams CNN For Putting Climate Change Skeptic On Earth Day Panel : “I will say, as much as I love the CNN, you’re doing a disservice," Nye said. Antarctic Researchers Face Bitter Cold To Support The March For Science : Scientists from the North and South poles joined the global movement.', '2017-04-24': 'Trump Joins Grand Bipartisan Tradition Of Denying Armenian Genocide : The president continues to weaken his image as a gutsy, straight-talking outsider. French elections: Can Marine Le Pen actually win? - It is not the first time a far-right candidate has progressed to the runoffs. France is suffering from high unemployment, a stagnant economy, security worries, and remains bitterly divided. It is a wish he looks likely to be granted -- unless there is another astonishing sting left in this tumultuous tail. In the final round of the last presidential election, Socialist François Hollande beat incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy of the Union for a Popular Movement (now known as the Republicans). quickly attracted hundreds of thousands of members and surged in the polls. Its economic and social program will lead our country to failure." CNN\'s James Masters, Bryony Jones and Melissa Bell contributed reporting. A lot can happen in a month in China — or at least in its markets. The deficit is second only to the $347bn one with China. @ In fact, he decided to fight hackers instead. @ This was not for purely ideological reasons. It was clear to me [even] in 2009 that there was an issue here that needed to be addressed,” he says.', '2017-04-25': 'With Government in Retreat, Companies Step Up Efforts on Emissions : Nearly half of the nation’s largest corporations have set emissions reductions targets, even as the Trump administration walks away from goals set by President Obama. The fund remains the subject of investigations in Singapore, Switzerland, the United States and other jurisdictions. Mr. Low and Mr. Najib have previously denied wrongdoing. " Now, the chance for bipartisan cooperation is dimming. Investors said Mr Macron’s victory in Sunday’s first round, with 23.8 per cent of the vote, ensured a candidate with a mainstream economic reform agenda would take on — and be likely to defeat — Marine Le Pen, the rightwing populist urging euro exit. May also faces divisions in her own party over Brexit tactics. And while GDP figures are finally improving, they remain at very low levels. French people are now at a point where they all have someone in their inner circle affected by unemployment. When I graduated in 1994, unemployment was 11 per cent. We know even if we put police everywhere it can still happen. They (the French electorate) are forgiving in that regard. She has pledged to slash net immigration to just 10,000 people per year. This tension is absolutely linked to the economy. CNN\'s James Masters also contributed to this report.', '2017-04-26': 'U.S. Moves Forward With Anti-Missile Defense System, Sparking Protests In China : The earlier-than-expected move has drawn criticism in South Korea and from China. The Chinese can be forgiven for seeking out a reliable ally on their border. It is an odd relationship that has been decades in the making. This alliance presents risks for both sides. On the surface the two states have little in common. China is communist and religion is tightly controlled. While that is a sharp rise from just 118 in 2009, the fleet is forecast to grow by just 1 per cent this year. The breakthrough year for the nationalists was 2016 — with Brexit in Britain and victory for Donald Trump in the US. Too big to ignore but too opaque to entirely trust. Rather, the world is going to have to keep climbing out the hard way. " But future increases will be gradual and not without occasional setbacks. There are significant risks in both directions." The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. An Oil Exploration and Production Company in Midland, Tex.', '2017-04-27': 'To lunch at the Hong Kong Club, founded in 1846 as a watering hole for the British ruling elite. His verdict is equivocal, and one widely heard during my three-day visit. Business is doing what it knows best, such as investing in real estate. Back in the 1970s, the local film industry was a Kung Fu hit factory. Hong Kong has not developed public policy institutes to inform civic debate. But walk around Cal Berkeley for a day and you won\'t find thugs. The university should have found a way to make it happen, they\'ll say. But Berkeley\'s leftism pushed her to the center. War on campus: the battle over free speechJUST WATCHEDCoulter: Why can\'t we question liberals\' patriotism?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHCoulter: Why can\'t we question liberals\' patriotism? I think people attack the human being when they need to attack the idea. " He says he\'s bothered she won\'t be speaking. Obviously, they did that because Berkeley\'s a symbol," Price said. They engaged in heated debates in Sproul Plaza. To say it violates the First Amendment is true, but the threat is larger than that. Soon, there were dozens of students, then hundreds, then thousands. Invesco and Neuberger Berman joined the club just last week. @ Global Summit Takes Aim At The Ultimate Mystery: The Brain : Recent decades have seen previously unimaginable health gains become a reality.', '2017-04-28': 'Los Angeles Riots 25 Years Later: Revisiting the Epicenter : Much has improved in Los Angeles since violence exploded over the beating of an unarmed black man, Rodney King, by the police. But lately, many say they believe more unrest is likely. While some individuals can be deported within days because they already have a final order of removal and have exhausted their appeals process, it can also take years of court proceedings from the time of arrest to deport an individual. I respectfully request that you refrain from this sort of enforcement. " The question is how strong and long-lasting this improvement will be. The International Monetary Fund’s World Economic Outlook lays out the issues. These forecasts are more or less identical to those published last October. The future looks far worse than it did just a few years ago. @ As these shocks fade, confidence has returned. Strongly supportive monetary policies have also helped. Americans love government programmes but hate taxes. There is no alchemy in which tax cuts pay for themselves.: We\'re following major developments in the markets throughout the day.', '2017-04-29': 'Alex Jones Calls A Press Conference To Tell Reporters They Suck : The gag order from his child custody trial has been lifted. There\'s Kraig Moss, who lost his son Rob in the opioid crisis in 2014 and believed Trump when he said he would do something about the crisis. Recently, he was held in detention for 18 days. Trump said he would take care of this, he said he would fix it, he said it would be easy. but Congress has passed nothing," Tapper said. " EU27 firm and fair political mandate for the #Brexit talks is ready. Obviously, there will be a price and a cost to be paid by the United Kingdom," he said. " UK Prime Minister Theresa May signs the official letter triggering divorce papers from the EU in March. But the UK government has indicated it does not expect to pay nearly that much. EU member states pay into a communal budget, which finances infrastructure projects, social programs, scientific research and pensions for EU bureaucrats. Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report. He called for renewed diplomacy using third-party intermediaries and for the United Nations to take a lead role in de-escalating tensions. Francis said in Italian that the situation "has heated up too much. Today a wider war would destroy, I won\'t say half of humanity, but a large part of humanity and culture. I don\'t think humanity today could bear it. But His Supporters Aren\'t Upset — Or Haven\'t Noticed. :', '2017-04-30': 'Brands Tackle a Weapon of Disgruntled Customers: The Meme : A growing number of disgruntled consumers are using satirical images to target companies — notable ones include Samsung and Pepsi — and that has brands scrambling for cover. China Traders  Upend Market In Hong Kong : The market “is not a stock casino,” says its top executive, despite startling jumps and drops in some stocks that have put a focus on Chinese traders. Trump Officials Brace for Anger At Duterte Call : The administration is bracing for an avalanche of criticism after the president embraced Rodrigo Duterte, who has led a deadly crackdown on drugs in the Philippines. Crusader Fined for Doing Math Without License : An Oregon man who questioned the timing of a traffic light is fined $500 for engaging in the “practice of engineering” without a state-issued license. Reagan Adviser Slams Trump Rally Speech As \'Most Divisive Ever\' From A President : David Gergen says Trump\'s message to Americans who didn\'t vote for him was: "I don\'t give a damn what you think. " Virginia Democratic Candidate Backs Off Abortion Fight In Debate : Gubernatorial candidates Tom Perriello and Ralph Northam both staked out strong positions on abortion rights.', '2017-05-01': 'Donald Trump Is Making American Consumers Great Again : Donald Trump is good for consumers. And not necessarily in the way you’d think. Sign up for HUFFPOST HILL and get a cheeky dose of political news every evening! Teen Fleeing Abuse Sought Asylum In U.S. Children\'s Shelter. Scientific Research Just Won A Huge Victory In The Age Of Trump. NIH funding will surpass Obama administration levels -- a rebuke of Trump\'s spending priorities. Housing Advocates See a Tactic Succeed Against the Mayor, and Give It a Try : Activists accuse Alicia K. Glen of bringing a Goldman Sachs model of development to City Hall, which they say doesn’t do enough to help the poorest New Yorkers.: SAN FRANCISCO -- A year ago, many investors had given up on Apple, whose stock price had fallen more than 30 percent from its 2015 peak. Apple declined to comment ahead of its earnings report. Apple is also likely to update its Pro models for businesses this year. Apple is turning into the big Caddy that\'s going to cruise down the freeway, and there\'s a certain class of investors that are really comfortable with that. And we\'re that kind of investor," he said. They\'re wringing their hands," Mr. Arcuri said of Apple. Potential breakthroughs are also in the works. The company is developing augmented reality technology, including eyeglasses, that will overlay real objects with digital ones. Customers at an Apple Store in Manhattan.', '2017-05-02': 'Brexit turns dirty after Theresa May dinner disaster - CNN : Brexit talks turn dirty -- but is Theresa May ready for the fight? : British officials were in a "different galaxy." Juncker was so aghast that he called German Chancellor Angela Merkel at 7:30am the next morning. It is not particularly surprising that there was a leak. He said: "Will this damage the size of her election victory? Has it been damaging in terms of negotiating a deal -- to some extent, yes. Apex is a new Singapore derivatives exchange focused on commodities. The sudden detention in July 2015 of dozens of Chinese lawyers and their assistants generated an international outcry. I understand the visa regulations and so forth. ” The two candidates will go head-to-head for the final time where they will hope to persuade undecided voters before polls open on Sunday. It had reported losses of hundreds of millions of dollars. Critics say it prioritizes privacy over accountability. Trump doesn\'t like it when people spike the football. Most Of Trump\'s Voters Don\'t Think He\'s Changed Since Taking Office : The president\'s base remains solidly behind him, although their fervency may be slightly cooled.', '2017-05-03': 'Theresa May accuses EU officials of meddling in UK election - CNN : Theresa May accuses EU officials of meddling in UK election : Story highlightsPM Theresa May: "There are some in Brussels who do not want these talks to succeed""Misrepresentation" of Britain\'s negotiating position was timed to affect the June 8 election, May saysLondon (CNN)British Prime Minister Theresa May has accused European Union officials of deliberately leaking misleading accounts of Brexit talks to affect the outcome of the UK election. The European Commission\'s negotiating stance has hardened. "" All of these acts have been deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election that will take place on 8 June. "\' Bloody difficult woman\'The dinner reports first emerged in Politico Europe on Friday and were turbocharged by a full-page story in the German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine on Sunday. She has been saying we want our cake and eat it. " Over the next decade, that figure is projected to double. Poll workers gave voters incorrect information. The market is tapped out,” a dealer said. Russian support has been key to keeping Assad in power. CNN\'s Lindsay Isaac, Eyad Kourdi and Nic Robertson contributed to this report. It will also bring out a version of the hybrid MateBook introduced last year.', '2017-05-04': "Donald Trump Celebrates House Passage Of Obamacare Repeal : The president said he is “confident” the legislation will pass the Senate. They are instead turning their focus to City Council races. But some rebels said it left too many loopholes for the government. Nearly five years later, he is still waiting. President Trump has had trouble getting his bills passed. But they don't seem to be, judging by the VIX index. It seems that investors are holding onto the prospect of improved wages, investment and economic growth. Finsbury has headquarters in London and New York. The US central bank kept its target range for the federal funds rate at 0.75 per cent to 1 per cent following its latest two-day meeting. The first 100 days of Donald Trump’s presidency have brought some good news and some bad news. The idea of rebuilding US infrastructure has faded. The trade protectionism looks halfhearted. The plan must be dead on arrival in Congress, in large part because it is not alive in the first place. You need not search far for leadership failure these days. Mr Bezos’s annual letter to shareholders last week — as ever with his “Day One” letter from 1997 attached — advises others to mimic what works for him. Beware research and lead with “heart, intuition, curiosity, play, guts, taste”. Above all, never become a mature “Day Two” company.", '2017-05-05': 'KPMG is being investigated by the UK’s accountancy watchdog over its audits of Rolls-Royce’s accounts during a period in which the British engineering company has admitted it committed a string of bribery and corruption offences. @ To date, the answer has been “no” — but there are clear signs that this year the answer will be “yes”. The move will involve fewer stocks initially, sourced under simpler institutional arrangements than those offered in previous proposals. After ‘Brexit’ and Trump, Can We Trust Polls in France? : All of Ukip\'s greatest hits have been played out of the Conservative stereo." Since then, UKIP has been riven by infighting and factionalism. Counting is expected to continue into Friday. She was clearly thrilled with the result. Votes are still being counted in many places. Market experts believe the report likely cements an imminent interest rate hike. Here Are 5 Of Their Most Outrageous Requests. : Anderson, let me break the bad news to the president. Such shifts are inherently unpredictable.', '2017-05-06': 'Rewriting NAFTA Has Serious Implications Beyond Just Trade : By Jessica Trisko Darden, American University School of International Service President Donald J. Trump has called the NorthFrench Authorities Warn Media, Citizens Not To Share Leaked Data Ahead Of Election Day : Front-runner Emmanuel Macron\'s campaign was targeted in a "massive" hack just days before the vote. Mixed Messages From Trump Worry Pro-Israel Hard-Liners : Some of the president’s supporters worry that the White House is listening too closely to Arab and Palestinian arguments and diluting support for Israel’s government. We\'re following major developments in the markets throughout the day. When it got above $180, we actually sold a reasonable amount of stock." IBM is a big strong company, but they\'ve got big strong competitors too." The unemployment rate fell to 4.4 percent, its lowest level since 2007. Don\'t forget to read the DealBook Morning Agenda. Shares of Cigna rose 2 percent in premarket trading on Friday. Donald Trump won the election after information from Hillary Clinton\'s campaign was released before the vote. Russia has good reasons to support Le Pen. JUST WATCHEDWho is Marine Le Pen?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWho is Marine Le Pen? " CNN\'s Paul P. Murphy, Lonzo Cook, James Masters and Eva Tapiero contributed to this report.', '2017-05-07': 'French election: Macron defeats Le Pen - CNN : Emmanuel Macron wins presidency as France rejects far-right : Paris (CNN)France\'s president-elect Emmanuel Macron has promised to "fight the divisions that undermine France," after defeating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. A new page of our history has turned this evening, I want that page to be one of hope and refound trust, the renewal of our public life, will be at the base of what I do from the very first day of our Presidency." " No, don\'t boo -- they expressed today anger, dismay and sometimes convictions. " The scenes of jubilation extended beyond France. It is not clear who was behind the attack. is less than a year old, is starting from scratch. Hilary Clarke contributed to this report. Researchers: U.S. Far-Right Activists, WikiLeaks And Bots Help Amplify Macron Leaks : A leak of emails from the French presidential candidate renewed questions about whether social media companies have done enough. Every hurdle where we thought Macron\'s bubble would burst, it didn\'t," she said. Supporters of French presidential election candidate for the En Marche ! This is the key issue that people want to see solved. party can make in roads in the parliamentary elections. CNN\'s Melissa Bell, Judith Vonberg, Elizabeth Roberts, Richard Greene and Hilary Clarke contributed to this article.', '2017-05-08': 'Less Than A Third Of The Public Supports The GOP\'s New Health Care Bill : But Trump voters are considerably more supportive of this bill than the last version. in legislative elections, in little over a month from now. Not likelyMacron will need a strong En Marche! A supporter of Emmanuel Macron celebrates in front of the Louvre Museum in Paris on Sunday. The vote appeared to be as much a rejection of Le Pen as it was an endorsement of Macron. But Macron\'s mandate may be more muted than the numbers suggest. Pierre Buet in Paris also contributed to this report. Many projects do not produce enough cash flow to service their debt. Airbus plans to test its own version, Vahana, by the end of this year. That may not be great, but certainly better than before.3. But it is still in the EU and the eurozone. For now, the votes, which are counted towards the turnout, are largely symbolic. I don\'t want to vote against something," he told CNN. " Now it\'s not the power of the people, it\'s the power of a few people.', '2017-05-09': 'Sen. Kamala Harris Slams GOP Rep\'s Health Care Claim: \'What The F**k Is That?\' : California Democrat draws cheers for her blunt talk. Today’s discussion of the merits of UBI echoes similar debates in the 1960s and 1990s. It runs from the Pacific Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico, across California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas. He is doing exactly what the government did to us in the beginning. He\'s not asking how it\'s going to affect the people that live here." The wall is not going to make a difference one way or another. This town just went dead," Falcon told CNN. " Because the border is so different along its entire links." It has been almost 100% effective in doing that." JUST WATCHEDThese Americans would live in shadow of a Trump wallReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHThese Americans would live in shadow of a Trump wall 03:32But neither is Trump\'s wall. CNN\'s David Shortell and Tal Kopan contributed to this report. Analysts polled by Bloomberg had forecast a Rmb851m loss. @', '2017-05-10': 'Caught Anew In the Struggle Over Immigration : A woman who became a symbol of the immigration debate after a 2010 traffic stop at her Georgia college is now at risk of being sent back to Mexico. ‘ China says it wants to reduce production capacity. But it would be a mistake to pursue parallels too far. @ That should be easier in basic industries such as steel, aluminium and chemicals. The head of China’s largest private company on Tuesday lavished praise on the “wonderful” American rust belt, laying out plans to bring 1m small US businesses to Alibaba’s platform in the next five years, as part of an idea hatched with Mr Trump in January. @ I will go to Beijing and I will go to Tokyo. I\'m very glad to have sold my business to them. China has requested his arrest, on separate corruption charges. Along the way, he nurtured government ties. In 1993, the company had just $17 million in revenue. This is an incredibly ambitious company." Its shareholders are masked behind multiple layers of shell companies, subsidiaries and offshore affiliates. Those entities are owned by yet other entities. Photograph by Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg) (B4)We live in an age of unrelenting change. But the statistical evidence for disruption is less compelling. The most straightforward evidence of that is low productivity growth in many advanced economies. What\'s Next For Marine Le Pen And France\'s Far Right? :', '2017-05-11': 'Harassment Allegations Cost Fox $45 Million : Twenty-First Century Fox disclosed on Monday that settlements and potential litigation cost it $10 million in its fiscal third quarter, a total of $45 million in nine months. Angry constituents at home have Democrats looking to an election fight. Citizens of ‘Clintonworld’ Find Little Satisfaction in an Adversary’s Downfall : Hillary Clinton’s satisfaction at seeing the F.B.I. director lose his job is offset by worries that it could derail the Russia inquiry, her friends say. But counting on customers’ debt is not a sustainable strategy. Yet the system proved capable, on this occasion, of addressing the problem. The legislative and judicial branches of government managed to hold a corrupt executive to account. The initiative centres on building a network of roads, railways, ports, power plants and fuel pipelines connecting China with south-east and central Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Europe. On Wednesday Mr Trump was shown warmly greeting foreign minister Sergei Lavrov and ambassador Sergei Kislyak in photographs distributed by Russia’s foreign ministry. Worries peaked when Chinese appliance maker Midea offered €4.5bn for German robot-maker Kuka. In March, local brokers with stakes in the PSX received cheques when the Chinese transaction closed. Yet the biggest reason to be optimistic about Pakistan is the Chinese investment that is pouring into the country.', '2017-05-12': 'Ransomware: How Hackers Hold Data Hostage : The spread of a “ransomware” attack around the globe affected the United States much less because a British cybersecurity researcher accidentally stopped the attack from spreading more widely. An idea that state Rep. Mike Ritze floated this week in an interview with a local news station drew swift rebukes from members of his own party. It spurred sharp criticism from immigrant rights advocates. CNN\'s Holly Yan and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report. He threatened then to impose punitive tariffs on Chinese goods and label China a currency manipulator. Here’s a look at the complex legal concept. You\'re kidding, you\'re kidding," he exclaimed. Read More#Lavrov: Was FBI Director James Comey fired? That work seems to be proceeding without them. Ambassador Kislyak and President Trump / Посол С.Кисляк и Президент Д.Трамп pic.twitter.com/Ckkx2YL9KX— Russia in USA 🇷🇺 (@RusEmbUSA) May 10, 2017 An official Russian photographer recorded a grinning President Trump warmly shaking the ambassador\'s hand, and the picture was then posted online by the Russian Foreign Ministry for the world to see, along with the other official snaps of the US President chatting with the Russian foreign minister. US officials say they did not know the pictures would be made public.', '2017-05-13': 'Months Later, Trump Craves Credit for Win    : At the root of Donald J. Trump’s unpredictable presidency is a deep frustration about attacks on his legitimacy, and a worry that Washington does not see him as he sees himself. WASHINGTON -- President Trump says the perfect medicine for the economy\'s sluggish growth is a big tax cut. The government will simply get a smaller share of a much larger pie. The recession that began in 2007 was long and deep, but it has been followed by one of the longest periods of uninterrupted growth in American history. But that debate is academic because the Federal Reserve is in the first camp. But poorly designed, deficit-increasing tax reforms are as likely to reduce growth as they are to add to growth." The speed limit on economic growth depends how much more every American worker produces. It means that right up front the business is seeing a payoff in sticking money into something that will make it bigger and more productive in the future," Mr. Holtz-Eakin said. Over a decade, that\'s enough to add about $1,500 to the average family\'s income. But that is still only about half the growth required by Mr. Trump\'s plan. Former Top Treasury Official Warns Senators Against Iran Sanctions Bill : Adam Szubin, who served as Trump\'s acting treasury secretary, said the bill could violate the nuclear deal and upset U.S. allies.', '2017-05-14': 'President Trump At The American-Arab-Islamic Summit : The reception being prepared by Saudi Arabia for President Trump will no doubt stir some envy in Moscow. Conflict In The Middle East Threatens Pakistan And Lynchpin Of China’s One Belt, One Road : By James M. Dorsey Increasingly caught up in the Middle East’s multiple conflicts, Pakistan is struggling to balance relationsControversial California Water Project Has New Life In Trump Era : Environmentalists say the project would severely damage the Mojave Desert ecosystem. Not everyone was pleased with her efforts. At one point during her tenure, she found a coffin dumped outside her home. Instead of real assets, they have just shells." That is how things worked in the past, and Governor Gontareva had the unenviable task of cleaning that up." Rival factions in Parliament have clashed over the appointment of an outside auditor to the organization. The eventual loss from PrivatBank, Ms. Kaleniuk said, should have been obvious to the central bank before it cost donors and taxpayers billions. " The problem is, nobody has been punished yet for such a huge fraud." ANDREW E. KRAMER Follow Andrew E. Kramer on Twitter @AndrewKramerNYT. Privatbank, with Nearly a Third of Ukraine\'s Individual Bank Deposits, Was Deemed Too Big to Fail. ( Photograph by Sergey Supinsky/Agence France-Presse -- Getty Images)', '2017-05-15': "Trump Assures Farmers Immigration Crackdown Won't Affect Their Workers : “He assured us we would have plenty of access to workers,” said the president of the American Farm Bureau Federation. Montana Democrat Hits Opponent For Health Care Flip-Flop In New Ad : Rob Quist has already raised over $550,000 off Republican Greg Gianforte's flub. He did not specify which goods Kenya hoped to export or precisely what Chinese barriers stood in their way. @ Mr Kenyatta said Kenya intended to emulate Ethiopia by inviting Chinese manufacturers to the country. All the time,” he declared to cheers that day in June 2015. @ Two peculiar things happened in America this week. Beijing imposes tariffs of 17.3 per cent on agricultural produce from Argentina, 17 per cent on that from Brazil and 16.1 per cent from Mexico, compared with its average tariffs of 13.4 per cent for the farm sector worldwide. Spurs from the overland “belt” and the maritime “road” reach into Southeast Asia and towards the Indian Ocean. Visitors to the conference will have both hopes and fears. There is the potential for it to do real good.", '2017-05-16': 'Within Days Of Taking Office, Trump Set The Stage For His Current Crisis : The president\'s volatile behavior created an environment ripe for leaks from within his White House. For the very definition of hope over experience, take a look at analysts’ efforts to predict profit growth in Asia. @ Reasons for the growth include the recovery in commodity prices, a pick-up in China’s economy, and the softer dollar as well as rising exports linked to the global recovery. One notable regional factor has been unexpectedly strong demand for Asia’s speciality tech components. And Taiwan’s tech-heavy Taiex last week closed at its strongest level since the dotcom boom. There is a great deal of common ground and complementarity among the strategies. Ann Coulter Calls \'Grotesque\' Donald Trump A Disappointment : "The Trump-haters were right ... it\'s a nightmare," she tells The Daily Caller. Trump\'s Ratings On The Economy Are Taking A Turn For The Worse : And the other polling news you need to know about this week. But will it help?De Blasio Raises More Than Rival, In a First : The mayor’s best-funded Republican rival, Paul Massey Jr., raised less in this disclosure period than the previous one, threatening to undermine the best case for his candidacy. President Vladimir V. Putin has called repeatedly for unity in fighting terrorism. President Trump seemed to take up that call, at least momentarily, on Tuesday.', '2017-05-17': 'President Trump’s Loose Lips Could End His Presidency : Trump\'s inability to abide by process and decorum won him the White House, but they may also be his undoing. Any Half-Decent Hacker Could Break Into Mar-a-Lago : The Trump National Golf Club in New Jersey and the Trump International Hotel in D.C. have the same vulnerabilities. Republicans Show No Signs They’re Ready To Break With Trump As Scandals Pile Up : “If the president is unpopular, it makes their agenda unpopular. " These words, falsely attributed to Winston Churchill, give the right response to the announcement of an agreement on 10 initial points in the “US-China comprehensive economic dialogue.” The points announced on May 11 are in themselves modest. But the fact that the two superpowers are talking is a good sign. I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining\u2009. Dyson underlined the importance of the aspirational Asian consumer to its business yesterday as it unveiled its first technology lab in China. @ The Institute of Directors,  a British business organisation, welcomed the decision. “ The system includes a tendering process in which companies and provincial governments negotiate prices. In the past different companies have enjoyed special status. Foreign companies should “forget about the special status they have enjoyed”, he adds. @ But joining the list comes with price pressure. they want to ensure access to the most innovative drugs.”', '2017-05-18': 'Vietnam medic now heals lives of fellow vets - CNN : Vietnam medic now heals lives of fellow vets : Story highlightsOvercoming alcoholism, Vietnam vet Bob Adams became a social workerAdams couldn\'t ignore troubled veterans on the streets so he started a programMidwest Shelter for Homeless Veterans provides help to nearly 400 vets per yearWheaton, Illinois (CNN)As a medic with the U.S. Marines, Bob Adams put his life on the line for his men in some of the most intense battles of the Vietnam War. After returning home, he faced another devastating fight. I began to drink more heavily and use drugs. It was pretty clear that something had gone very, very wrong. " All residents work with a case manager and a therapist, but because everybody has been through basic training, including yours truly, I demand a high degree of discipline. Up at 6:30 in the morning, do your hygiene, get something to eat, do your chores, get to work at 9:00. And that\'s about as good as it gets for me. Until recently, the technology sector has been more trusted than any other. The Government doesn\'t think we are important enough." The financial crisis changed that steady upward march. And households today are borrowing differently than they did nine years ago. But how that plays out can vary widely in individual geographic areas and career fields. It is an area where there is some stress."', '2017-05-19': 'The Trump administration has raised concerns with China after two Chinese fighter jets intercepted a US military aircraft in a manner the American crew viewed as dangerous. @ British Prime Minister Theresa May speaks to workers at a distribution center in Stoke-on-Trent. May has pulled off an extraordinary coup. Brexit has not yet posed a problem for May\'s government because it has not yet happened. She knows where her political bread is buttered and is mercilessly playing to those people. " And this is the key question: how long will her success last? Read More"Today that photo would show extensive patches of green," he noted. It is not yet clear whether it is more than cyclical. Either Congress would be taking steps that could ultimately lead to impeachment, or people around the president would have concluded him unfit for office. But Mr Trump retains an ace up his sleeve. For one company, though, it is working out better. @ Mr Temer has vehemently denied the claims. The scandal threatens to lead Brazil into uncharted waters. Stockholders nevertheless remain too optimistic about any policy uplift. The United States dollar index is right back where it was in early November. Interest rates are low, and the employment picture is solid. Better to roll it over yourself into an individual retirement account. We\'re following major developments in the markets throughout the day. Both indexes were on pace for their worst day since October 2008." Don\'t forget to read the DealBook Morning Agenda.', '2017-05-20': 'Calif. High School Student Wins Election On Anti-Muslim \'Joke\' Video : At what point does a racial joke go too far?Under Fire At Home, Trump Wins A Warm Welcome In Saudi Arabia : A $110 billion deal in which Saudi Arabia will buy U.S. arms, with options running as high as $350 billion over 10 years, was the central achievement of Trump’s first day in Riyadh. The Interior Department denied a report Friday that Zinke will recommend abolishing the national monument. Stephen Colbert Is Beyond Happy That Donald Trump Is Out Of The Country : "You know Pence is throwing a rager this weekend. " Killing C.I.A. Informants, China Stifled U.S. Spying : At least 18 C.I.A. sources were killed or imprisoned in China between 2010 and 2012, one of the worst intelligence breaches in decades. Investigators still disagree about how it happened. Just What The Middle East Needs -- $110 Billion More In Weapons : President Trump\'s arms sale to Saudi Arabia risks exacerbating tensions in a deeply strained region. U.S. Says Its ISIS Fight Isn’t Raising Civilian Risks : Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said President Trump’s decision to give the military more latitude had put greater pressure on militants in Syria, Yemen and Somalia.', '2017-05-21': 'Donald Of Arabia : If Trump continues on this path, the future is clear—more anti-Americanism, terrorism and upheavals in the region. An American DREAMer In The Age Of Trump : Alfredo’s story has a happy ending, for now. Most undocumented students, however, are not as fortunate. With Rouhani, Iran Has Extended Its Hand. Now The World Needs To Unclench Its Fist. : The president\'s re-election presents an opportunity to reduce the diplomacy deficit, particularly with the U.S., Israel and Saudi Arabia. McMaster Can\'t Remember If Trump Called Comey A ‘Nut Job’ In Meeting With Russians : The president is being "hamstrung" by constant leaks, he said. Netanyahu Orders Cabinet Ministers To Attend Trump\'s Welcoming Ceremony : Israeli media reports the prime minister was angered by news that several of his colleagues were planning to skip the president\'s arrival. WHO Suspects A Fourth Person Died Of Ebola In Congo : Aid workers are having trouble accessing the remote region in the country\'s north. Labor Shortages Slowing Growth Of U.S. Economy : In Utah, the 3.1 percent jobless rate has helped drive up wages, and the biggest problem is no longer a dearth of jobs but of people to do them. Wyoming Wind Project Envisions Coal Miners As Its New Work Force : A Chinese turbine maker with a practice of seeking local workers sees benefit in focusing attention on a core group of Trump supporters in need of jobs.', '2017-05-22': "629,000 Overstayed U.S. Visas Last Year, Report Says : The number is a tiny portion of the estimated 50 million visitors to the country, but the department says the breach presents a risk to national security. Here's a look at what's coming up this week. A trial is set to begin in London on Monday in a shareholder lawsuit against the Royal Bank of Scotland over a rights issue by the lender before its near collapse in 2008. Chad Bray TECHNOLOGY Humans get another crack at beating a computer. Several traders have lost their jobs as a result. Currency trading firms will voluntarily agree to abide by it. Nelson D. Schwartz This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES A Russian Oil Field. We could pretend it will go away, play politics with it or try and fix it. It cited what it said was the president’s failure to denounce criminal activities and improper promises of favours. Donald Trump Has Been Successfully In-peached! : Like the office of president, many may wonder just how he got in there. One should not rely on a conventional financial return.", '2017-05-23': 'Changes To Visa Program Put Foreign-Born Doctors In Limbo : Rural areas and distressed urban neighborhoods have long relied on the H-1B visa program to make up for a shortage of nativeIf You Defend The U.S. Health Care System, Perhaps You’re Too Stupid To Live : Lack of critical thinking: it’s killing us. China’s ministry of commerce said it will raise the duty on out-of-quota sugar imports for this fiscal year from 50 per cent to 95 per cent after its domestic industry was “seriously damaged” by a tide of imports since 2011. @ There are few jobs with less appeal than being the chief executive of a big company. You spend far too much time breathing stale air in a pressurised cabin 36,000 feet up. And it generally ends in big, humiliating failure. @ Then three experts are called in — a dietitian, a physiologist and a coach — who over the next nine months interview the executives’ families, poke around in their fridges, then tell them what to eat, how much to exercise and how to change their characters. I have no doubt Premier Executive Leadership ™ will be in great demand. The signs in the lobby of the Pearl Continental Hotel in Lahore could hardly be more gushing. “ The banners add: “Our friendship is higher than the Himalayas and deeper than the deepest sea in the world, and sweeter than honey.” @ That high, deep and sweet friendship is also worth a lot of money.', '2017-05-24': 'News Roundup for May 24, 2017 : Things happen in the world. Donald Trump is very proud of his unpredictability. And America’s adversaries, in particular China and Russia, are taking advantage of the disarray to advance their own interests. @ At worst, they are textbook “dog-whistles. ” But investors still increased their bets on a June rate hike. Democrats Just Flipped Seats In 2 Districts That Voted For Donald Trump : GOP candidates lose special elections in New York and New Hampshire. Just 17 were minted last year, down 26 per cent from the 2015 and with no major pick up seen so far this year. India may already have overtaken China as the world’s most populous country, according to research by an independent Chinese demographer. @ The victory was the first time a computer had beaten the world champion. But it does not project the cost of those tax cuts, that is, the loss in tax revenue. News Roundup for May 24, 2017 : Things happen in the world.', '2017-05-25': "Secretary Zinke: Please Leave Our National Monuments Alone : This attempt to roll back protections for national monuments is unprecedented and terribly misguided. Trump Keeps Defending Himself Against Charges That Were Never Made : The tendency raises serious questions about his state of mind. Details of President Donald Trump’s first budget have now been released. Much can and will be said about the dire social consequences about what is in it and the wildly optimistic economic assumptions it embodies. My observation is that there appears to be a logical error of the kind that would justify failing a student in an introductory economics course. @ Apparently, the budget forecasts that US growth will rise to 3.0 per cent by 2021 because of the Trump administration’s policies — largely its tax cuts and perhaps also its regulatory policies. Fair enough if you believe in tooth-fairies and ludicrous supply-side economics. @ At a hearing in Washington on Wednesday, industry executives argued that illegal dumping of below-cost steel threatened their ability to supply everything from armour plating and other specialty metals used by the military, to the steel used in electrical transformers and rebar vital to construction. The news initially unnerved Chinese investors. Such stimulus will contribute to rising debt across the economy as a whole.” What's not to love?With A Retail Partner, Anti-Death Penalty Movement Can Smell Success : The often-ignored issue finds a fragrant angel in Lush as it hopes to add mainstream support to every shopping bag.", '2017-05-26': 'Trump\'s Budget Cuts To International Aid Put Global Health Security At Risk : Ana Rita Sousa Sequeira, Murdoch University US President Donald Trump’s first budget request for fiscal year 2018 includesWeekend Roundup: Trump’s Siding With Saudi Arabia Against Iran Deepens The Mideast Divide : It is a tragic mistake to reverse Obama’s opening to Iran at the very moment it is bearing fruit. Netflix is up more than 30 percent year-to-date. Past a certain point, exaggeration and hype become dishonesty and deception. We operate in accordance with international law. The aircraft also fly domestically, transporting immigration detainees. Domestic flight destinations include a number of major US cities, including Seattle, San Francisco, Las Vegas, New Orleans, Denver, Salt Lake City, Miami and Chicago. ICE deported people to 185 countries in 2016. But we\'re not seeing a Trump bump -- yet. CNN\'s Leyla Santiago, Tal Kopan and Octavio Blanco contributed to this report. But it is rare for a government official to acknowledge the practice. @ If I\'m driving from here to New York, do the tolls I pay contribute to the improvement of the roads I\'m on? Or is it returned to the Public Investment Fund?" Photographs by Cliff Owen/Associated Press; Joshua Roberts/Reuters) (B3)', '2017-05-27': 'Google’s computer program AlphaGo has defeated the world’s best Go player in the second out of three games, scoring an overall win for the artificial intelligence algorithm in the fiendishly complex board game. @ Although the ancient board game of Go has few rules, its complexity means it had been considered unimaginable for a computer to beat a human champion. Mr Kushner has come under scrutiny because of two meetings in December. But remarks by Mr Trump on the eve of the meeting in Taormina attacking Germany’s trade surplus with the US and his refusal to swing behind the 2015 Paris agreement on curbing greenhouse gas emissions soured the atmosphere at what are usually carefully choreographed shows of unity by the leaders of the world’s leading industrialised countries. Heavy palls of industrial smog have almost become the norm in some Chinese cities. Late Friday afternoon, however, the Chinese government said, in effect, "never mind." That benchmark is supposed to be based on the currency\'s value the day before. The currency has already settled into trading range at or just below 6.9 to the United States dollar, just below the psychologically important level of 7 to the dollar. In response, Beijing tightened its already considerable limits on money leaving the country. Their assets are less likely to rise and fall quickly with ups and downs in financial markets.', '2017-05-28': 'The market comeback: Focus on \'economic data\' and earnings, says Loop Capital president : Despite the gloomy budget headlines from Washington and the tragic events in Manchester, England, new records were set this week by both the Nasdaq and the . Hopefully you are investing for the long term and your financial advisor or whoever is helping you with determining your asset allocation is positioning you for the time horizon which you currently have, in which you\'ll actually need the money," she said. " So, changing something based just on this week is probably not advisable for most. Two other people were arrested and released, authorities said. Daesh is another name for ISIS, the terror group that claimed responsibility for the attack. Home Secretary Amber Rudd, left, and Britain\'s Prime Minister Theresa May meet Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police Ian Hopkins. CNN\'s Laura Smith-Spark and Duarte Mendonca contributed to this article.: A close look at the numbers suggests that the levitating 2016 stock market was a powerful driver of C.E.O. pay last year, and the bull market seems to have made shareholders less likely to complain about the pay increases executives received. Corporate compensation committees typically consider stock performance when determining pay. Remember when oil prices were hitting the stratosphere a decade ago?', '2017-05-29': 'Chemical Weapons A Red Line In Syria, Says France\'s Macron : “Any use of chemical weapons would results in reprisals and an immediate riposte, at least where France is concerned,” said the president. The West has become smaller, at least it has become weaker. " Those who do not oppose this US policy are guilty. "" Merkel is expected to win a fourth term as Chancellor when Germany heads to the polls in September. She has been relatively consistent on this. "" CNN\'s Nadine Schmidt contributed to this article. As Prices Soar, Drug Lobbyists Pass the Blame : A civil war has broken out among the most powerful players in the industry, which is scrambling in the face of public anger and legislative efforts to reduce costs. Here\'s a look at what\'s coming up this week. In the United States, it\'s Memorial Day, summer\'s unofficial kickoff. Britain will observe its Spring Bank Holiday. Nelson D. Schwartz OIL INDUSTRY ExxonMobil shareholders will weigh in on climate change. A similar measure gained 38 percent support last year. Sales had been on the rise since 2010, but declined in the first four months of this year. The findings are likely to show that the companies are still removing a only minority of reported content. Patricia Cohen This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2017-05-30': 'Years-Long Truces End As Government Tightens Control On Damascus : The recent government offensive against three rebel-held districts in Damascus is the first step in a major push to pressureFrom \'Scandal\' To \'House Of Cards,\' Political Dramas Are Suffering In The Trump Era : Daily White House antics are turning viewers away from fictional government scandals. Australia Seeks To Block Pedophiles From Leaving Country For Child Sex : The legislation would deny passports to thwart child sex tourism. The discussions with the USA are just as important as with other partners -- the transatlantic relations is of incredible importance," she said during a joint news conference with Modi. The West has become smaller, at least it has become weaker. It was the second time she\'d found herself without a roof over her head. Meyon had never been interested in politics before. Young people get a bad press ... people try to say, what do you know? And he\'s been saying the same thing for the past 20 years -- screaming the same thing. " Recent graduate Henry Kyriacou is equally disillusioned. I have no confidence in his ability to manage the economy. He\'s talked to thousands of young people. Upcoming development projects are further attracting Chinese demand. CNBC\'s Sophia Yan contributed to this report.', '2017-05-31': 'Caning Of Gay Men In Aceh: Not Necessarily The Exception To Indonesian Rule : Recent events in Indonesia should dispel any doubt about the rising influence conservative Sunni Islamist sentiment is having on the country’s laws. Chinese domestic bond prices remained steady and Hong Kong’s main stock index actually rose during the week. @ But the non-event should not lull observers into complacency. The challenge is that as China has grown wealthier and stronger, it seems to be acting more and more like a bully. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn addresses supporters during a campaign event in Birmingham in May. It is still highly likely that May will win next Thursday. He went on to win with nearly 60% of the vote. He has a really thick skin and he is very comfortable in it. We should continue this gradual process of policy normalization in interest rates." The government will publish the May jobs report on Friday. Inflation remains the outstanding problem. Inflation also eases downward economic adjustments. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. News Roundup for May 31, 2017 : Some news to go with your morning covfefe. Ty Rogers, an Amazon spokesman, declined to comment. Of course, that is no guarantee of staying power. As bond prices rose, yields and interest rates fell.', '2017-06-01': 'Making Leave Affordable : For many families, forgoing pay for up to 12 weeks, even in the midst of serious health needs, is highly unrealistic. Study: US Cities Have Worse Inequality Than Mexico, With Rich And Poor Living Side-By-Side : Why is local income inequality rising? Trump announced his decision before reporters at the White House Rose Garden. Our successful cooperation on issues like emissions trading and clean technologies are bearing fruit. And everyone has to stick to it," he said. Of course the effectiveness of implementing this convention without the key participants, perhaps, will be hindered. " EU deeply regrets this unilateral decision. He\'s declaring war on the planet itself.— Am departing presidential councils," Musk tweeted. " CNN\'s Mariano Castillo, Joseph Netto, Emma Burrows, Simon Cullen, Frederik Pleitgen, Nadeem Muaddi and Hilary McGann and journalist Mary Ilyushina contributed to this report.: An eight-day winning streak for technology companies ended. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 20.82 points, or 0.1 percent, to 21,008.65. She said that was because of low interest rates and remarkably low market volatility. " His budget achieves balance through numerological voodoo. He\'s Losing The Goodwill Of Our Biggest Allies. : "', '2017-06-02': 'Domestic Divide Could Make It Difficult : Beijing and Washington were once partners on cutting greenhouse gases. And to make it worse, income inequality is on the rise. More than five million Syrians have fled their homeland since the start of the conflict in 2011. It says it will pay for education from general taxation. May has also supported fracking, a controversial oil and gas production technique that comes with serious environmental risks including earthquakes and water contamination.: The number remains low by historical standards. The euro fell to $1.1212 from $1.1231, and the British pound was unchanged at $1.2883. Source: Reuters); Freddie Mac Yields: Average for Some Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Securities. (: Announcing his decision from the White House Rose Garden on Thursday afternoon, Mr Trump said “In order to fulfil my solemn duty to America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the Paris climate accord but begin negotiations to re-enter either the Paris accord or an entirely new transaction.” @ “ Just two or three years ago, this still looked like the narrowest of fields. And it turns out that this is a general purpose technology that can be applied to almost any problem. Donald Trump has been the American president for just over four months. Adventurers conquering the Arctic-deserts on mountain bikes.', '2017-06-03': 'Like Obama, Trump Is Caught In Dilemma Over Troop Surge : The numbers under consideration are more modest than in 2009, but like his predecessor, President Trump confronts a divide between his generals and his aides. World leaders insist they will tackle global warming without the cooperation of the United States. Unemployment sank to 4.3 percent in May, its lowest level in 16 years, the government reported Friday, but halfhearted wage growth and a shrinking labor force revealed the economy\'s stubborn weak spots. The working-age population is growing too slowly to support that." Low wages and fluctuating schedules have also sown anxiety among many Americans. Among political leaders, responses predictably split along partisan lines. " But people who don\'t have a differentiated skill set are having a harder time finding a position." But it has disappointed in 2017, with heavy losses. There is creeping Armageddon for brick and mortar." How is technology going to disrupt -- if at all -- my business?" He\'s always calm and composed, rarely uttering a superfluous word. "" I cannot exclude that he\'s pleased by this. Donald Trump\'s Biggest GOP Critics Are Very, Very, Very Sad : The Never Trumpers aren\'t in a great place right now.: JONATHAN SOBLE Follow Jonathan Soble on Twitter @jonathan_soble.', '2017-06-04': "Building a Return on a Virtual Wall : After facing political criticism and leaving Facebook, Palmer Luckey is working on another start-up. Its military interest will go nicely with his helicopters and abandoned missile silos. Trump, Who Pledged to Overhaul Nuclear Arsenal, Now Faces Higher Costs : The estimate of a project to remake the nation’s atomic weapons, bombers and other such vehicles is 20 percent more than once envisioned, and it is unclear if the White House can stomach the cost. But President Trump has handled the issue differently, if just by chance. Scott Pruitt's Big Coal Lie : EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt told a whopper of a lie on Meet the Press, claiming that the coal industry has grown by 50,000What We Know About The Victims Of The London Attack : Police raised the death toll from seven to eight after recovering a body from the River Thames on Tuesday. SpaceX Launches Its First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit : The refurbished capsule brings us one step closer to cheaper space travel. Sexual Assault And Undocumented Women In Trumpland : Since Trump took office, there is increased concern for a demographic facing sexual assault: undocumented women. Building a Return on a Virtual Wall : After facing political criticism and leaving Facebook, Palmer Luckey is working on another start-up.", '2017-06-05': 'London Police Say Officer Injured While Taking On Attackers With His Baton : "It became clear that he showed enormous courage in the face of danger, as did many others who were at the scene and rushed to help. Trump\'s Alarmist Tweets Spark More Fear. : The president\'s response to the London attack leaves terrorism experts perplexed and worried. New Mac OS Will Let You Block Them On Safari. : Apple\'s announcement drew a cheer from the crowd at a conference Monday. As London Remains Unbroken, Can The West Remain Intact? : The effects of the oil price crash of 2014 are still reverberating around the Middle East. Economists see hopeful signs of recovery, however. When Keith Scott was shot and killed by a policeman in North Carolina in September, Matt Bubley felt compelled to rally his fellow students at Dartmouth College’s Tuck School of Business. @ It is a feeling that business people ought to be concerned about what goes on in the broader world around them. ” The company is simultaneously embroiled in a fierce tussle for power between political factions. @ Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain on Tuesday also said they would sever diplomatic ties with Qatar. @ Qatar, which admits to backing some Islamist movements, denies that it supports terrorism.', '2017-06-06': "Edward Snowden: Prosecuting NSA Leaker Threatens The Free Press : Snowden said Reality Winner's treatment is bad news for the First Amendment. Democrats Give Funding Boost To South Carolina House Contender : The party's modest aid for Archie Parnell pales in comparison to its efforts in Georgia. Investment into the global leaders in environmental protection is very exciting. ” Half a year later, investors have shrugged off concerns about a so-called Trump slump. But emerging markets — which are home to 80 per cent of the world’s population — are not for the meek. Australia is reviewing its espionage laws and banning foreign political donations over concerns that China is buying influence by using rich businessmen to funnel millions of dollars in donations to political parties. It also said that the warnings had not been heeded. @ Since then he, his family, his company and Yuhu staff have donated to both the Liberal and Labor parties. He has been photographed with politicians including Mr Turnbull. @ “ A spokesman for Dr Chau did not immediately reply to a request for comment.", '2017-06-07': 'Mexico Agrees to Sugar Deal, but Loopholes Remain, U.S. Refiners Say : Although Mexico agreed to demands to cut exports of refined sugar, a U.S. group said the agreement contained a loophole that would allow unfair trade practices. From a Buddha-shaped building on the tourist island of Hainan, HNA Group has transformed itself into one of China’s most aggressive dealmakers — and drawn new scrutiny of its ownership and financing. @ Shares had pulled back to be up 7.9 per cent at HK$21.85 by the lunch break. @ China has spent the past decade notching up firsts — world’s largest manufacturer, world’s largest exporter, world’s largest foreign reserves, world’s largest market for vehicles. But there is one “world’s largest” title that China may have lost. Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain cut diplomatic ties and their connections to Qatar’s airspace, airports and seaports on Monday. They accused Qatar of backing and financing terrorism in countries including Syria, Yemen and Libya. He told his embassy colleagues on Monday that he could not support that policy. Would Patriotic Republican Senators Please Stand Up! : Airbnb Is Making It Easier For Refugees To Find Temporary Housing : People can open up their homes at no cost to those in need.', '2017-06-08': "CNN : UK election: What does hung parliament mean? : Instead, now she's being forced to consider teaming up with a minor party. Which leader can assert authority over the way the results have fallen, and who can stake a claim to form a government? Britain's main opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn leaves a polling station after casting his vote. Monday morning: time to decideA make or break situation for May might be reached over the weekend. But this is a scenario wished by almost no one in Westminster. If we’re serious about our role in the world, we must be serious about funding our military,” said Mr Sajjan. “ Rather than an official coalition, the partnership is likely to be on an issue by issue basis. CNN's Carol Jordan, Richard A. Greene, Melissa Mahtani and Bryony Jones contributed to this report. Commodities, particularly metals, rallied. @ Although China still has big problems with debt, its economy is chugging along fine for now. For others, it was a reflection that American governance had veered off the rails. The deal's critics are cautiously optimistic.", '2017-06-09': "Trump DOJ And Chicago May Reach A Police Reform Deal With ‘No Teeth’ : City Hall is confident it struck the best deal, but police reformers say it won't go far enough. Lawyers are proving instrumental in devising and enabling these breakthroughs. Why Are Republicans Choosing Party Over Country? : Will There Be A Rural Backlash To Affordable Care Act Repeal Efforts? : Both indexes remain slightly below their record highs set last Friday. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which bolster profits. Utilities and consumer goods companies were among the biggest decliners. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.19 percent from 2.18 percent on Wednesday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( He went on to win with nearly 60% of the vote. They dropped the ball and it is very difficult to turn their line around. Now it has turned to the satellite radio provider for help. At a low point last year Alibaba shareholders wondered what they had bought during the frenzy of the Chinese group’s 2014 New York listing. The shares were well beneath the flotation price. Free cash flow is strong — and growing fast. Alibaba will likely be giving more of it to shareholders. @ Jack Ma is the boss who overpromises and then overdelivers.", '2017-06-10': 'UK election: Conservatives yet to strike deal with DUP as top May advisers quit - CNN : Conservatives yet to strike deal with DUP as top May advisers quit : Story highlights No deal yet with Democratic Unionist Party to prop up Conservative governmentSome Conservative MPs are looking to remove May from powerThe party lost its parliamentary majority in surprise election resultsLondon (CNN)British Prime Minister Theresa May appears to have begun a purge in her party after shock election results threw the future of her leadership in doubt. On Saturday night, Downing Street issued a statement claiming that a preliminary deal had been reached, but hours later was forced to issue a second statement clarifying that no agreement had been finalized. The Prime Minister is also fending off a mutiny in her own party. The campaign was going well until the manifesto was launched. HOUSTON -- Looking for an excuse to pack up the car for a road trip this weekend? Ohio drivers are among those most likely to notice the impact. While Russia and some other producers besides OPEC have also cut production, Brazil and Canada are among those producing more. The best you could hope for is a range of plus or minus 10 cents a gallon." Credit: CLIFFORD KRAUSS; Bob S andrick contributed reporting from Valley View, Ohio.', '2017-06-11': 'Macron’s Party on Track to Claim Majority in Parliament : La République en Marche’s commanding lead in the first round of voting completes a remarkable 14 months for President Emmanuel Macron, and puts him in a strong position to enact his pro-business agenda. Aetna’s Relocation Plan Cuts Deeply in Hartford : The insurer says it plans to leave its home of more than 150 years, the latest bad news for a city on the verge of bankruptcy and plagued by violence. pic.twitter.com/sSbACiV7Nm— Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) June 11, 2017 Macron\'s party contested 526 constituencies out of a possible 577. Russian laws prohibit convicted criminals from running for office. Throughout the broadcast, Baulina types furiously. This is not just about sending a message to the viewers, she explains. Medvedev has denied the allegations in the video. But with increased results come increased risks. Thousands joined rallies in almost 100 cities across Russia. Actually, after you go through the first arrest, you realize it\'s not as difficult as you thought it would be." Whether it will be enough for Navalny is still highly debatable. This story has been updated to reflect developments on the ground in Russia. CNN\'s Mary Ilyushina contributed to this report from Moscow.', '2017-06-12': 'The cost for hedge funds of taking out “Black Swan” insurance against a sharp fall for US equities has fallen to the lowest level since before the financial crisis as stock markets continue to touch all-time highs. @ If the Queen\'s Speech is voted down, an opposition party could force a confidence vote, likely bringing down the government. Details of the deal are yet to be reached. We had a leadership election only a year ago," Brady said. " I think are all determined to pull together behind Theresa May and I think colleagues admire her steel and determination and dedication to serving the country." CNN\'s David Wilkinson contributed to this report. Will Trump\'s Tangled Web Fracture The GOP? : News Roundup for June 12, 2017 : Neeeews. Puerto Rico voted in favor of US statehood. And at any moment she feared she could be deported to Mexico. The government can\'t just break its promises for no reason. I was devastated by it, because I knew that it would destroy my life, and it did that," she said. " I went in a matter of seconds from having a normal life to basically being paralyzed.', '2017-06-13': 'Shame On NBC And Megyn Kelly For Giving Alex Jones A Platform : The harm he has inflicted on the loved ones of the Sandy Hook massacre by claiming it was a hoax is despicable. China’s anti-corruption watchdog has highlighted fake economic data in two more northern provinces, giving a political edge to Beijing’s attempts to solve a widespread problem of questionable statistics. @ It did not provide details or a timeframe. @ But, he added: “Obviously there will be discussions in cabinet. Banks now have much bigger capital and liquidity buffers. Resolution frameworks have been strengthened. But all this should not be the end of the story. News Roundup for June 13, 2017 : The Summer of Trump continues. Now, he is the overwhelming favorite in his quest for another term. Scandal Drove Brussels’s Mayor From Office. Yet there is a remarkable divergence between what chief executives have been saying aloud and what they are actually doing in practice. They may not be as confident as they say they are. And given my background, I get a lot of unsolicited advice." He has Been the Chief Executive of General Electric for 16 Years. ( Financial markets have watched the Fed\'s preparations with equanimity. Fed officials now say they expect to start reducing those holdings this year. Others think the Fed\'s analysis is in the ballpark.', '2017-06-14': 'One of the sons of Singapore’s founding father Lee Kuan Yew has announced that he is leaving the country “for the foreseeable future” after he and his sister said they had lost confidence in the leadership of their brother Lee Hsien Loong, Singapore’s prime minister. @ We feel big brother omnipresent,” they said. @ The Justice Department declined to comment. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. The Federal Reserve will raise US interest rates this week. The important question is not whether it will happen but whether it should. @ There are four reasons to believe this view is wrong. @ Alternatively, if the Fed pushed ahead according to plan, markets and the economy might respond more negatively than policymakers now think. For anyone who made the bet, that might truly count as making America great again. It sells the Post-it note and other famous products all over the world. Indeed 60 per cent of its $30bn revenues, and 40 per cent of its workforce, sit outside American shores. @ But now we have a strategy of localisation and regionalisation. We think you should invest in your domestic market as much as you can. ” The two leaders will meet for dinner in Paris on Tuesday night. But they are actually part of a far more bizarre financial phenomenon. Instead of minting shares via an initial public offering, these companies are minting cryptocurrencies.', '2017-06-15': 'Edmond Halley, of comet fame, also created an early actuarial table of life expectancy, allowing policy sellers to estimate their risks. Partly as a result, insurance in the west is a staid, conservative business. A strong, independent insurance regulator would have become involved much earlier. @ Rumours abound of the political connections their chairmen have. No Chinese bank stepped forward to play any role in a possible transaction. You can prevent your opponents from making their moves," he said. Anbang also has a much smaller property and casualty insurance business. Credit: KEITH BRADSHER and SUI-LEE WEE; Keith Bradsher reported from Hong Kong, and Sui-Lee Wee from Beijing. Ailin Tang contributed research from Shanghai. Wu Xiaohui, the Chairman of Anbang Insurance Group, at a Business Forum in Beijing in March. ( In the past few weeks, Wall Street has been disappointed by several economic reports. I think growth will pick up a bit, but there is sort of a failure to bounce in this economy." Hiring Spree Alters Makeup Of City’s Staff : Nearly every city agency has more workers now than when Mayor Bill de Blasio took office, and there’s been a surge in civilian hiring in law enforcement. Many things in life are desirable but unachievable. The unintended consequences of such action could also be appalling. Theresa May promised strength and stability. It would be funny if it were not so serious. The sale could fetch more than $4bn, the person said. @', '2017-06-16': 'Housing Appointment Raises Eyebrows : The appointment of Lynne Patton, who planned Eric Trump’s wedding, to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s New York office, is raising eyebrows. Yet these spectacular developments may be more easily achieved if a misunderstanding is removed. @ Only when this is achieved is it successful. On the surface, this does not make much sense. Images of the explosion’s aftermath show bystanders thrown to the ground, many of them elderly or carrying children. @ The Nasdaq composite index declined 29.39 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,165.50. " Technology companies extended their slump. Nike, the shoe company, and Mattel, the toy company, both fell. Why Is Popping Bubble Wrap So Satisfying? : A unionist paramilitary mural in Belfast, Northern Ireland. That has left the region without a government for five months. CNN\'s Lauren Said-Moorhouse and Christiane Amanpour contributed reporting.: We\'re following major market developments throughout the day. The firm earns billions of dollars each year in intelligence work. Don\'t forget to read the DealBook Morning Agenda. Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES; Reuters and The Associated Press contributed reporting.', '2017-06-17': "Trans Employee Sues McDonald's For 'Extreme Sexual Harassment,' Discrimination : La’Ray Reed says she was fired after complaining about the abuse to managers. Cuban Government Says Trump Will Not Weaken The Revolution : Cuba’s government denounced Trump’s new measures to tighten the blockade on the island as a “setback” in U.S.-Cuban relations .At Least 58 Presumed Dead In London Tower Fire, PM May Admits Failings : May admitted that the response from the authorities had not been good enough. Camille Cosby Calls Opposing Counsel 'Totally Unethical' After Mistrial : Bill Cosby's wife of 53 years issued a statement that also attacked the judge. A Thorn to Police Is One Step From Being Philadelphia’s District Attorney : Larry Krasner, a civil rights lawyer who has been a police gadfly, is promising to hold fewer poor people in jail, prosecute fewer crimes and avoid the death penalty. While Norway wants to wean its own citizens off fossil fuels, it remains one of the world’s biggest petroleum producers and is revving up exports.", '2017-06-18': "Unedited Putin Interview Reveals A Missed Opportunity For Megyn Kelly and America : The footage obtained by HuffPost shows a nervous Kelly who failed to press Putin on obvious issues. Big Early Vote In Georgia Runoff Heightens Expectations In Campaign's Final Days : Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel face off on Tuesday in Georgia's 6th District, a major test for both parties. GOP Senators Still Frustrated With Obamacare Repeal Bill, Still Doing Nothing About It : It would take just three to make their leadership listen. North Korea Accuses U.S. Officials of ‘Mugging’ Its Diplomats at Airport in New York : Officials returning from a United Nations conference were about to board a plane when federal agents seized a package they were carrying, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said. Maldives Casts Wary Eye on Growing Islamic Radicalism : After the killing of a liberal blogger in April, many fear that the Maldives, a Muslim island nation, is ill equipped to guard against extremism. Macron Wins Huge Majority In Second Round Of French Parliamentary Election : Voter turnout was projected to be a record low. Unedited Putin Interview Reveals A Missed Opportunity For Megyn Kelly and America : The footage obtained by HuffPost shows a nervous Kelly who failed to press Putin on obvious issues.", '2017-06-19': "Campaign Raises Thousands To Support Family Of Murdered Muslim Teen : Nabra Hassanen was walking with friends after Ramadan prayers when she was murdered. Meanwhile, regulators consider a proposed takeover of a British satellite provider by 21st Century Fox. As an analyst in a bulge-bracket bank in the City of London, Steve knew that he was in for long hours spent churning through spreadsheets. The environment, says the 27-year-old, who prefers not to use his real name, was “toxic”. There was “rarely any support for new joiners, no mentorship” in the business. @ The British public is tired of austerity. So even supporters of the government have concluded from the unexpected success of Jeremy Corbyn’s new old Labour, which promised much higher spending and fiscal deficits than the Conservatives in last week’s general election But is it safe to give the public what it wants? Brexit is likely to bring economic disappointment. To add fiscal destabilisation to the mix would seem highly unwise. @ Yet this does not rule out different choices over revenue and spending. It vowed a “no tolerance” approach to academic fraud. California Has A Policy Approach And It's Clearly Working : You don’t always have to be a wonk to appreciate statistics. But the silence from the frontier has been ominous.", '2017-06-20': 'Industry Awaits Slowdown, but Travelers Are Packing Bags, Not Packing It In : In the face of restrictions, proposed travel bans and terror threats, companies are bracing for weaker growth this year, but their worst fears have not yet come to pass. But even the good ones can have long, bad hours. Singapore’s prime minister has apologised to the country for the extraordinary public dispute with his siblings, which has grown into a conflict over the integrity of the city-state’s administration. @ The US is set to base its clampdown on national security grounds. It has since issued bonds in a variety of currencies and maturities. @ Anyone grappling with why the US and Britain have been hit worse by populism than many other democracies might recall his words. @ Nemesis comes from believing your own marketing. @ Germany and France opted out — a wise choice that looks ever better over time. And over 60% of them voted for the opposition Labour party. It\'s becoming cool to vote Labour," he said. Corbyn also appeared on the front covers of music magazines Kerrang! and NME with the headlines "Take the power back!" Creeper, Architects and Jeremy Corbyn explain how you can make Britain a fairer place... https://t.co/Va4t4XvSQR pic.twitter.com/dFOSwvYbPo— Kerrang! " Feeling inspired by @jeremycorbyn and optimistic for the future!" A Bite the Ballot event before the election. " But with this election, he sees that changing. "', '2017-06-21': 'Trump Weighs In As Costly Congressional Race Heads For A Tight Finish : Republican officials and voters said Trump is a divisive figure in this educated, affluent and increasingly diverse district. Trump\'s Newest Lawyer Implodes On Live TV : Amid the ever-growing Russia scandal, Donald Trump has hired a new lawyer, Jay Sekulow, and things are not going well forTravis Kalanick has resigned as chief executive of\xa0Uber after pressure from investors, ending eight years of leading the ride-hailing company that has expanded round the globe but became mired in controversies. @ It should have meant nothing but instead it meantWhy Did Democrats Ossoff And Parnell Lose Their Congressional Races In Georgia And South Carolina? : Pundits will be debating this question for a long while, but there’s one factor that made a huge difference. He will remain on Uber\'s board of directors. " An Uber spokesman declined to comment further. It is only when those start-ups are in a precarious position or are declining that shareholders move to protect their investment. For the past six years, there have been two Arab worlds. The world of violence and tragedy  and the world of glitz and globalisation. If that were to happen, the implications would be global.', '2017-06-22': 'Record-Breaking Heat Wave In Southwest Reportedly Claims 4 Lives : The National Weather Service has issued heat advisories and warnings, urging residents to stay indoors and to drink plenty of water. House Science Committee Flouts Ethics Rules By Promoting RNC Press Release As News : It\'s the latest dubious source pushed by an increasingly political committee. Perhaps his condition deteriorated and the authoritiesWill Germany Fulfill Its Responsibility For Europe\'s Defense? : In recent history no European nation has demonstrated greater military prowess then Germany. An option for tipping drivers is a start. The company will gain access to JD’s marketing platform, social media channels and delivery service. The talk of a watershed is misguided, however. This is a test for Chinese stock markets, not a certification that they have met global standards or that future integration is assured, or even likely. @ Mr Gurley will be replaced by Matt Cohler, a fellow Benchmark partner. @ While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. We\'re not focusing on the economic messages. Ryan to his fellow Democrats: "We have to get our act together" https://t.co/u52Ea8Qc9y https://t.co/sgF0DoXX4R— CNN Tonight (@CNNTonight) June 22, 2017', '2017-06-23': 'Does It Matter if Mayor Or Elected Board Runs The New York Schools? : Mayoral control of education in New York City is in limbo. Experts say school boards can also be effective, but may be less accountable in a city challenged by poverty. Details of the offer will be published on Monday. Ethnic gorkhas, from Nepal and India, were part of the British Army for nearly 200 years. We are very different from the rest of the state of West Bengal. " For Gujratis, they have Gujrat, for Biharis, they have Bihar, for Punjabis, they have Punjab...why not Gorkhaland for Gorkhas?" But local tour operators said there is not a single tourist in sight. " CNN\'s Karma Dolma Gurung contributed to this reportSen. Bernie Sanders: \'Democratic brand is pretty bad\' - CNNPolitics : Sen. Bernie Sanders: \'Democratic brand is pretty bad\' :  (CNN)Sen. That\'s why so many people are giving up on politics." Sanders continued, "Democrats did much better than was the case in the last election." When almost two-thirds of governors chairs are controlled by Republicans. Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel labeled it a "particularly vague proposal. "" There is a long, long way to go for negotiations. That is a good start," Merkel told reporters Thursday. We won\'t be seeing families split apart, people will be able to go on living their lives as before. Does It Matter if Mayor Or Elected Board Runs The New York Schools? :', '2017-06-24': "Hopes Fade After Landslide in China  : Rescue workers searched for survivors after a landslide in the southwestern province of Sichuan, a region of brittle, unstable mountains, but said their chances were slim. They Only See Us As Problems : A friend of mine expressed his despair over the current state of our political climate in an email this week: “There seemsThe Secret Republican Plan To Unravel Medicaid : Under the GOP plan, Medicaid will cover less and less of the costs of health care for the poor and elderly. Will Gardner Again Vote Against Planned Parenthood? : But the GOP health care bill also sets up the destruction of Medicare. Indeed, some members of Parliament said on social media that they were having trouble accessing their emails remotely. The attack comes just more than a month after a massive ransomware attack crippled 200,000 computers across 150 countries. The UK's National Health Service was among the victims and was forced to cancel surgeries and divert ambulances. America’s Incarceration Crisis: Are We ‘Doomed To Repeat The Same Failed Policies’? : In this week’s episode of “Scheer Intelligence” for KCRW, Robert Scheer speaks with James Forman Jr. The Yale Law School", '2017-06-25': ": How much do you need to earn to buy a home in the big city? HSN.com recently calculated the salary required to afford a median-price home in 27 of the largest metropolitan areas in the United States. The results assumed a 20 percent down payment and a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage, and factored in current interest rates, local taxes and insurance costs. Home prices were those reported for the first quarter of 2017 by the National Association of Realtors. Most areas have seen a decrease in home prices since the fourth quarter of 2016. But interest rates went up enough in 2017 to raise the monthly cost of owning a home nearly everywhere. Compared with a year ago, prices are up across the board. Analysts say mafia bosses are as powerful as terrorists. Koch Brothers' Groups Criticize GOP Senate Health Care Bill For Not Being Conservative Enough : The bill is just a “slight nip and tuck,” said Tim Phillips, president of the Koch-funded Americans for Prosperity. A Very Bad, No-Good, Rotten Day For Zionism : After decades of political brinkmanship and hand-wringing, countless tears and letters and protests and arrests, after multiple: How much do you need to earn to buy a home in the big city?", '2017-06-26': 'Theater Jobs Skew White And Male, Study Finds : Women and minority actors and stage managers are getting fewer jobs and often wind up in lower-paying shows, according to a new study by Actors’ Equity. Customers are selling their current jet to upgrade to the new one,” he said. “ This is what our Turkish partners also know. " The Turkish Foreign Ministry and Erdogan\'s office did not immediately respond to CNN\'s request for comment. Monday and Tuesday are public holidays in Turkey. They didn\'t do anything (to the protesters). Police are expecting between 50,000 and 100,000 protesters during the summit. CNN\'s Gul Tuysuz contributed to this report. Arlene Foster, leader of the DUP, was pictured with May at Downing Street. Northern Ireland needs a functioning devolved government at this important time. UK minister: May has lost control of Brexit ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHFmr. The move will be met with huge relief in May\'s administration. May under pressureMay has faced pressure on several fronts. The fields outside Mohall, North Dakota, were until recently a collage of blue flax, yellow sunflowers and amber wheat. The final decision is expected to be made on Wednesday, according to people familiar with the investigation. Is ‘Russiagate’ Collapsing As A Political Strategy? : The plan for Democrats to run against Russia may be falling apart.', '2017-06-27': 'Inside a Bill: Is It a Cut, Or Isn’t It? : The list includes Dalian Wanda, Anbang, Fosun and HNA Group. @ Obviously, the market was caught by surprise. A moment of reflection should reveal the overpowering logic of such a crackdown. And the 100% failure rate has done little to comfort residents worried that their homes might go up in smoke as they sleep. Zamira Rahim contributed to this report from London. Now It’s Fumbling Its Attempt to Atone. : The trust fund to finance the U.N.’s anti-cholera plan is nearly broke. However, like many good ideas, the reality is far more complex. When Chinese stocks won admission to MSCI’s indices last week, Australia was not the first market many people looked to — but it is arguably one of the most affected. That long-term gloom is not the reason for this year’s underperformance. Aussie business optimism is strong but consumer activity is not. Earnings are forecast to rise about 11 per cent in Australia this year — but 19 per cent in the region as a whole. Piracy is pointless when products are free. It will need to increase its overseas reach to keep the spot. @ The download is gratis but users are encouraged to purchase virtual items inside the game for real money. @ We will continue to implement a proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy,” the premier said. “ We will not resort to massive stimulus measures.”', '2017-06-28': 'Mr. Massey, a millionaire real estate sales executive who ran as a Republican, said he would be unable to raise enough money to challenge Bill de Blasio. Serbia’s First Openly Gay Premier Takes On the Insults : Ana Brnabic, whose nomination was hailed in the West as a landmark decision, has faced a wave of insults from critics, and dismay from gay activists. In exchange, they would get favorable terms to offer wireless services. Now, activist investors may be looking to throw their weight around overseas. He had already been urging change at Japanese companies like Sony. And then there is the tricky issue of other shareholders being suspicious of what they might see as American interlopers. Many companies in Europe and Asia have one large shareholder that is either a family or the government. It seems it will take more evidence -- and perhaps more time -- to prove itself as an investment thesis. CNN has reached out to the White House for comment. Phone and utilities companies were among the big decliners after a sell-off in bonds sent yields sharply higher. Oil prices rose for the fourth-straight day. Investors also weighed new data on United States home prices and consumer confidence. The latest gain follows price increases of 5.9 percent in March and February. It’s hard to pin down how much comes from each factor,” he says. @ No one has yet claimed responsibility for the latest attack. @', '2017-06-29': 'Taiwan Arms Sale Is Approved : American officials say they will still honor the “One China” policy with Beijing. But the honeymoon between President Trump and President Xi Jinping appears to be over. But his policies and posture toward them have had the opposite effect. The selling dragged the city’s GEM index, which tracks its junior board listings, to a record low on Wednesday as Tuesday’s selling, which erased $6bn in market capitalisation and left some companies down 90 per cent, widened to include other small caps. @ Lazada at that time was valued at $1.5bn. Nor did it offer up an especially rosy outlook. " Staples and Sycamore declined to make executives available for interviews on Wednesday. A consortium of banks including UBS, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, Royal Bank of Canada, Jefferies, Wells Fargo Bank and Fifth Third Bank are providing financing. This deal is the largest buyout of the year in the United States.: Oil and natural gas futures notched gains Wednesday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( And if it takes it two, three, four, five years to do it, fine.', '2017-06-30': 'Mayor, in Reversal, Says City Will Pay $2 Million for His Lawyers : Mayor de Blasio, who was not charged, said he would raise $300,000 for legal fees related to “nongovernmental work” examined by federal and state prosecutors. EPA Plans New Climate Science ‘Critique,’ Swapping Peer Review For Red Vs. The initial tremors were felt in European government bonds after a cautionary speech on Tuesday by Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank. By Thursday, the selling had spread from the bond market to global stocks. Bond yields and prices move in opposite directions.) But many investors are still thinking that they will be doing the maximum forever." The pound and the yield on the British 10-year note surged afterward. And that, perhaps, it will consider overvalued stock and bond markets when weighing its next rate increase. The ratio of open jobs to applicants in Japan hit a 43-year high in May, as labour shortages in the world’s third-largest economy become ever more extreme. @ The indicator covers all jobs, permanent and temporary. @ Southeast Asian emerging economies may look small individually but the region deserves respect. Lazada has e-commerce businesses in six Southeast Asian countries. Saturday marks 20 years since Hong Kong was returned to China by Britain. In 1997, China needed Hong Kong as a port, aviation hub and centre for foreign investment.', '2017-07-01': 'Trump\'s Twitter Tirades : President Donald Trump’s latest vicious personal attacks on Twitter are abusive, demeaning and shameful. The slide continued this morning with the decline of Asian equity markets and with the dollar slipping again. European markets looked a little calmer when they opened. If the Fed surprises investors with more rate increases than expected, that could prompt a bear market. The outlook is brighter for banks in the United States, however. The announcement sent Rite Aid shares tumbling. Still, as Robert Cyran notes in Breakingviews, it is hardly the knockout transaction envisioned two years ago. The company will now have to argue on competition matters instead. AMIE TSANG Follow Amie Tsang on Twitter @amietsang.: Markets, which had been sleepy most of the year, awoke with a start. The comment that investors picked up on, however, was convoluted and open to interpretation. " Mr. Draghi said as much at a news conference this month. At least nine other states are also at impasses.', '2017-07-02': ': The bond market is flashing warning signals that bad times may be ahead for the stock market and the economy. That is probably not what most people want to hear -- stock investors especially. In the first half of the year, after all, stocks have performed spectacularly. When do you want to make sure you\'ve got an umbrella? When rain is in the forecast or after it\'s already started pouring?" The economy keeps growing, the stock market keeps going up, yet inflation remains very low. In itself, such a development is unusual. That\'s why the yield curve\'s messages are worth taking seriously. The danger signals from the bond market could easily change to another pattern. At a bare minimum, the policy choices ahead are difficult. And for investors, there is ample reason for caution. If the only ports refugees are taken to are Italian, something is not working," the country\'s interior minister said. U.S. to Allow Laptops Aboard Etihad Flights After Airline Moves to Tighten Security : The ban on many electronics on flights from some predominantly Muslim countries was put in place because of concerns that the Islamic State was developing a bomb hidden in portable devices.', '2017-07-03': 'Buoyed by generous subsidies and meteoric sales, more than 200 companies have announced their intention to make and sell new energy vehicles (NEVs) in China. @ But this gold rush may be over before its starts for some. Justice Official Quits Over White House Conduct \'I Would Not Tolerate Seeing In A Company\' : "Trying to hold companies to standards that our current administration is not living up to was creating a cognitive dissonance that I could not overcome. " Operations fully resumed and police investigating," the airport wrote on its official Twitter account. Operations fully resumed and police investigating.— An additional British Airways flight was, according to local media reports, also impacted. However, there are some signs that the SF Express launch was different. @ More than $1tn of offshore bond funds could flow into Chinese debt in the next decade, predicts Goldman Sachs. The Democrats keep chalking up moral victories against Donald Trump. But they have yet to achieve a single win. Its biggest blow, of course, was Hillary Clinton’s defeat last November. Obstacles keep being removed from their path. Having blown up the Republican party, the US president is doing the same to the Democrats. He generates as much energy from opponents as ardent loyalty from his base. Justice Neil Gorsuch Has Landed, To The Delight Of The American Right : This column was first published by Truthdig.com. The biggest story coming from the Supreme Court these days doesn’t concern', '2017-07-04': 'China’s nascent high-frequency traders (HFT) are in retreat following a regulatory crackdown on\xa0short selling and a broad legal interpretation of “market manipulation” that encompasses trading practices that are allowed in other markets. @ What really shocked me was that no one did anything. Especially psychologically, I was hurt," he says. " " Most came from Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, Eritrea and Pakistan. We attacked asylum shelters, threw explosives at their homes. He says threats can come from anywhere. " The Financial Times gave part of my job to a robot last week. The European Parliament is ridiculous, very ridiculous. Confidence has a kind of mystical explanatory power thanks to its vagueness. You\'ll typically see higher consumption spending after that happens. And if the past relationship holds, spending levels will accelerate.) In fact, that correlation was stronger than confidence. For every example like that, though, you can also find the reverse. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Companies likely to benefit from faster economic growth, like industry and basic materials makers, climbed after the Institute for Supply Management said that manufacturing activity in the United States climbed in June to its highest level in almost three years. " Major banks also raised dividends and said they would buy back more stock. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 3-Month Treasury Bills: High Rate at Weekly Auction. (', '2017-07-05': 'No Time To Stand Still: Strengthening Global Growth And Building Inclusive Economies : The G20 summit opens with a sense of optimism, but it should be cautious optimism that prevails. The message that we want to give is (that) dictatorship is not welcome in Germany," he said. " CNN\'s Nadine Schmidt contributed to this report. This would be true no matter who is in the White House. A new technique could bring us closer to accurately predicting volcano behavior. In 2016 his regime drew international condemnation by testing two nuclear devices and more than 20 ballistic missiles. The funding was announced after Vladimir Putin, Russia president, met his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping in Moscow yesterday. Vietnam\'s booming craft beer scene - CNN : Vietnam\'s booming craft beer scene : Story highlightsA new crop of craft breweries is freshening up Vietnam\'s traditional beer scene. The tastes and preferences of Vietnamese consumers are changing and evolving. " It\'s about innovation and changing things up. " It\'s higher quality, but who\'s behind it also adds value. " Once they tried craft, they never went back. But this year, with voters angry over health care, many Republicans stayed away.', '2017-07-06': 'Extremism Report Puts Saudi Arabia And British PM May On The Spot, Strengthens Qatar In Gulf Crisis : By James M. Dorsey A report charging Saudi Arabia with funding extremism in Britain puts both the kingdom and Prime MinisterTrump Trashes Free Press And U.S. Intelligence In Poland : His praise of their increasingly authoritarian president was a shocking display of cluelessness. Retailers and small, domestically focused companies also struggled. Technology companies bucked the trend and finished higher. Benchmark United States crude dropped $1.94, or 4.1 percent, to $45.13 a barrel in New York. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Chinese Tech Tycoon to Leave Troubled Company : Jia Yueting’s resignation came just days after a court froze $182 million in assets tied to him, the latest in a series of setbacks for the businessman. China is the world’s largest manufacturer and distributor of electric vehicles. They are economic nationalists and support traditional social values. Often they put their trust in charismatic leaders. It will also highlight the challenge facing Britain. But even if it is not, it is highly likely to be signed soon.', '2017-07-07': 'The two have vastly divergent views, but they did have a breakthrough of sorts in a meeting in Hamburg on Thursday night: a proper handshake. His thin skin and inabilityTrump Asks Putin About Meddling During Election : The meeting turned into a bright spot for Mr. Trump at the G-20 gathering, where the United States is finding itself increasingly isolated on other issues. But it’s an option that could easily backfire. Less than 1 per cent of cars on the road today are electric powered. The Bank for International Settlements is the stopped clock of international economic institutions. It has argued for monetary and fiscal tightening, whether that makes sense, or not. Two models — the Chinese and the American — are in full flood. It seemed its chief executive, Elon Musk, could do no wrong. It may be harder for Tesla to pass G.M. a second time. That would leave it well short of 100,000. The losses deepened in afternoon trading. Higher interest rates tend to slow down economic growth. " The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index dropped 22.79 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,409.75.', '2017-07-08': 'Colorado Voters Are Canceling Their Registrations After Trump Request For Voter Data : "I never expected to see more withdrawals in a day than new registrations," one election official said. It seemed to me that he was satisfied with those answers,” the Russian president said.: This economic expansion, now eight years old, may have some life in it yet. You can\'t add workers to your payrolls if there are no workers to take those jobs. The overall trend in 2017 isn\'t great on that front. Which brings us to a third area in which the data point to some room for further improvement in the jobs picture. It is neither an acceleration nor a deceleration. And while unemployment rose (from 4.3 percent) for good reasons in June -- people entering the labor force -- the simple fact that not all of those new entrants were immediately snapped up by employers is a hint that there may be some slack remaining in the job market. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. One of its architects is now a top Energy Department official.: The differences "now stand near the bottom of their historical ranges," the Fed said. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in the Morning Briefing newsletter. Trump made the comments Saturday as he met with British Prime Minister Theresa May at the G20 meeting in Hamburg, Germany. CNN Money\'s Mark Thompson contributed to this report.', '2017-07-09': 'Republican Lawmakers Take A Raise Away From St. Louis Workers : GOP statehouses around the country are blocking local progressive policies through "preemption" laws. Missouri may be the most glaring case yet. Australian Journalist\'s Devastating Take On Trump At G-20 Goes Viral : The U.S. president "managed to diminish his nation and to confuse and alienate his allies,” Chris Uhlmann says. South Sudan Marks 6 Years Of Independence As 6 Million Go Hungry : More than half the population is severely food insecure. Iraqi Prime Minister Declares \'Victory\' Over ISIS In Mosul : The battle has left large parts of Mosul in ruins, killed thousands of civilians and displaced nearly one million people. White House Struggled With Asian Leaders Names And Countries At G-20 : It’s never a dull moment for White House fact checkers. U.S.-Russian Brokered Ceasefire Deal Takes Effect In Southwest Syria : “The situation is relatively calm,” said a spokesman for the Alwiyat al-Furqan rebel group in the Quneitra area. Doctors Say Chinese Dissident Is Fit  To Travel Abroad for Cancer Treatment : The doctors’ assessment renewed pressure on China to grant more liberties to Liu Xiaobo, who is serving an 11-year sentence after being convicted of state subversion. News Sites Take On Two Digital Giants : A group of news organizations plans to ask Congress for the right to negotiate with the online giants, which are gaining greater shares of digital advertising and distribution.', '2017-07-10': 'Trump And The Failure Of American Politics : The Trump presidency has brought into focus just how ugly American politics has become. Three years ago, I was visiting Iraq as the self-declared Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was advancing fast in territoriesIraq’s prime minister Haider al-Abadi declared a “great victory” over Isis when he arrived in Mosul yesterday after eight months of brutal street-to-street battles that cost thousands of lives. @ A giant spaceship has landed in Cupertino. If I were an Apple shareholder, I would not be happy. Overdoing it on the decor of the HQ is a sure sign that calamity is on its way. You can’t go in with your eyes closed and just hand everything to your accountant,” she says. @ The dismay may be new but the data are not. The proposal falls short of its own ambitions to \'put citizens first\'. JUST WATCHEDOn GPS: Where do UK Conservatives go from here?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHOn GPS: Where do UK Conservatives go from here? I apologize unreservedly for any offense caused. Fellow UK lawmakers were quick to condemn the comments. We should have same standards & consequences," Powell tweeted. The group says it will appeal the decision. Today, over 300,000 people are suspected to be ill. And these two universities have already been working together for many years. In 2015, the partnership was formalized with the launch of the transCampus initiative. A new satellite campus could help to achieve this.', '2017-07-11': 'Russians Naively Hail Putin-Trump Meeting As A Success. Combined, they have added $325bn in market capitalisation. Hong Kongers are generally reluctant to relinquish control to Beijing. Both parties hope others will like the $6.3bn valuation. @ Calling it a rainy day was an understatement. By his side his American partner, investor Wilbur Ross, peered out from under an umbrella. @ Confusing civility with comity is a grave mistake in human or international relations. Yes, the G20 summit did agree on a common communiqué after the leaders’ meeting. Gains by technology and materials stocks were mostly outweighed by losses among real estate companies, banks and other sectors. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.37 percent from 2.39 percent late Friday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Follow him on Snapchat, Twitter and Facebook or subscribe to his email newsletter. That\'s terrifying, especially since humans are contributing to this shift. The researchers called that an "extremely high degree of population decay." There were well over 1 million elephants (then). " People are burning fossil fuels, contributing to climate change. Otherwise, "biological annihilation" continues. Russians Naively Hail Putin-Trump Meeting As A Success.', '2017-07-12': 'China is preparing a fresh round of megamergers between state-owned behemoths in the energy, heavy machinery and steel sectors, as hopes fade for a more fundamental overhaul of the state sector. @ Analysts say the inherent tension between these two goals has never been resolved. If approved, the combined group would have $262bn in assets. @ Mergers are just the most visible actions, so people say it’s the only thing happening. The latter approach seems to be winning out. We must resolutely resist ‘privatisation’, ‘de-state-ification,’ ‘de-main guidance-ication’,” he wrote. Recently, it has become more competitive in global auctions. Both CIC and Temasek were early investors in Chinese technology. Progress towards this goal has so far been slow. Depending on whether Wanda actually lends Sunac any money or simply pull strings at a bank on the buyer’s behalf, this could be a good deal for both sides. @ Mr Tillerson is also serving a president besieged by scandal. America’s president does not value diplomacy. Extreme Weather Takes A Toll On Wheat Harvests. Excessive water and heat account for 40 percent of fluctuations in yearly wheat supplies, and other crops are at risk, too.', '2017-07-13': 'Greenhouse Gases Increase, but Scientists at NOAA Say ‘It’s Complicated’ : The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration attributed the increase in part to the El Niño weather pattern. Its report makes no mention of human contributions. Hollywood’s Pitch to China : Hollywood executives rely on robust Chinese box office revenue to bolster their balance sheets, but recent ticket sales in China are not meeting those expectations. Their arrival last week just beat a moratorium on refugees. The result left her facing calls for her resignation. " We didn\'t see the result that came coming," she said. " It took a few minutes for it to sort of sink in, what that was telling me. S.11 of #RepealBill effectively means @ScotParl can\'t legislate on repatriated EU laws in devolved areas without UKG permission.— Materials companies also posted hefty gains. " Yields affect rates on mortgages and other consumer loans. NRG Energy was the biggest gainer in the S.&P. 500. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Trump’s FBI Pick Said All The Right Things. The Question Is Whether Trump Will Let Him Be. : They would not be making such a big splash if they weren’t trying to set a good example. ” It is unclear how sweeping any tariffs will really be. Its short-term debt is almost eight times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation.', '2017-07-14': "Russia Warns  It Could Expel  U.S. Envoys Over Dispute : Russia wants the United States to reverse its decision to expel 35 Russians and block access to diplomatic sites over accusations of Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Semiconductors make phones smart, the rest is just for looks. In a similar way, some of the chipmakers are more clever at managing the industry cycle than others. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company is one of them. It reported quarter-to-quarter revenues of T$214bn ($7bn), less than analysts’ already muted expectations. In the second quarter, three-fifths of revenues still came from smartphones. TSMC is a key supplier for Apple’s iPhone core chips. TSMC lowered expectations for the third quarter. Samsung recorded record profits, partly because of more diversified operations. Hong Kong’s watchdog is adopting a “front-loaded” approach to policing the city’s markets following a series of stock crashes and wild price swings that risk damaging the credibility of Asia’s most international capital-raising venue. @ China’s government bond\xa0yield curve inverted as banks dumped shorter dated bonds. @ Some GOP Lawmakers Really Want To Carry Guns In The Capitol : “I feel like I have very good aim,” said one House Republican. Revisions won't spare low-income Americans from serious losses of coverage.", '2017-07-15': 'Decimated Muslim Brotherhood Still Inspires Fear. Members of the Islamist movement, many in exile in Turkey, are puzzled to see their once-powerful but beleaguered group at the center of the Qatar crisis. Governors See A Trump Void And Go Global : Leadership at the state level has taken on an increasingly global dimension amid worries that Mr. Trump is abandoning the typical priorities of the government. Republican Health Bill Stirs Fear of a Return to ‘Junk Insurance’ : The Republicans’ proposal to overturn Obamacare could allow insurers to sell bare-bones plans that fail to pay for what is now deemed essential medical care. A Deepening Political Crisis In Pakistan : Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is under intense pressure from the political opposition and sections of the mediaVulnerable Republicans Just Showed Why Fighting For Trans Rights Is A Political Winner : Standing firm, energizing activists in the base and resisting ― rather than pandering and caving in ― is actually the way to win. Shepard Smith Is Fed Up With Trump Camp\'s \'Lies\' And \'Deception\' On Russia : "The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling," the Fox News host tells anchor Chris Wallace. Jimmy Carter Recovers From Dehydration Scare In Canada : The former president collapsed while working at the Winnipeg construction site for Habitat for HumanityThe NRA Wants To Solve Domestic Violence By Arming Victims. Adding guns to an already violent situation creates the potential for disaster. Decimated Muslim Brotherhood Still Inspires Fear.', '2017-07-16': 'China Is Preparing For New Top Leaders, Few of Them Women : A group of lawyers and feminists is urging the Communist Party to promote more women to leadership positions at its congress this fall, but expectations are low. But assertions that it is furthering dissent and terrorism have led to a blockade.: Tina is short for "There is no alternative." Yet there may be one alternative to stocks. Prices have tumbled, but have they tumbled enough? As the synchronized global growth picture persists, the discount may disappear." Exchange-traded funds with a diversified range of physical commodities include iShares S&P GSCI Commodity-Indexed Trust, PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund and United States Commodity Index Fund. Investors need better information about what they\'re paying and what they\'re getting." It\'s baffling," said Mr. Hauptman of the Consumer Federation of America. " You have nearly identical funds, yet one can cost 1 percent more than the other. Similar Funds, Differing Costs What can account for such stark differences? A 16-year-old suspect has been charged in connection with the attacks. In 2014, there were 166 filed incidents, rising to 261 in 2015, and 454 in 2016. Police have told CNN that trend has continued this year. "', '2017-07-17': "How Giant Batteries Can Help Reduce Emissions : Plugging batteries into the electrical grid may be the solution states are looking for to meet their renewable energy goalsAn Attack On The ACA And Planned Parenthood Is An Attack On The Latino Community : By Albert Jacquez The Senate has once again delayed their health care repeal bill, and we at the NCLR Action Fund are anxiouslyTrump’s Selling A Russia Story, But Most Americans Aren’t Buying It : Six months of near daily falsehoods are making it tough for the White House to get people to believe what it says. In addition, discussions are underway for investments in several other ports, for which no value has been divulged. The stubbornly hot property market is a main reason. @ Business travelers say the policies punish them. And I believe we will achieve what we want. Refugees and integration continues to top the list of concerns among German voters. Nach Merkels Interview gestern gibt es bei Ihr keine Obergrenze. Hundreds of refugees and migrants have died this year trying to reach Europe and many thousands have been rescued. People wait there for years to join their family in Germany. CNN's Nadine Schmidt contributed to this report from Berlin.", '2017-07-18': 'As Senate Gives Up Trump Makes Vow: Care Act Will Fail : The seven-year Republican quest to repeal the Affordable Care Act seemed to reach a dead end Tuesday, but President Trump vowed to “let Obamacare fail. ” The trusts aggressively pursue borrowers who fall behind on their bills. Transworld did not respond to a request for comment. All were dismissed before trial except three. If it\'s a loan we\'re owed fairly, we want to collect. These are devices that are used by traffickers for their smuggling activities. Read the tale of one desperate day at sea. French President Emmanuel Macron poses for a selfie with supporters. " Whole Foods ultimately announced that it would sell itself to Amazon. Mr. Park is not involved in Mr. Peltz\'s crusade with Procter & Gamble.) Pantene has been relaunched I don\'t know how many times at this point. This is an organization that is simply too big and too complex." AuthorAffiliation JULIE CRESWELL and MICHAEL J. de la MERCED Follow Michael J. de la Merced on Twitter @m_delamerced. A function of the weakening dollar or something more significant? @ This happy picture paints over a fragile balancing act, especially as the all-important autumn party congress looms. We\'re not thereThe Federal Reserve Board: The Best Weapon Against Discrimination? : They still don\'t have the votes to do it.', '2017-07-19': 'Cory Booker: Trump letting Obamacare fail is \'sinister\' - CNNPolitics : Trump letting Obamacare fail is \'cynical and sinister,\' Sen. Cory Booker says :  (CNN)New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker slammed President Donald Trump for declaring he would let Obamacare fail Tuesday, saying "that\'s not just cynical, it\'s actually sinister. " And so now he\'s just saying I am going to imperil 30 million Americans ... you will see very devastating things happen. It\'s evil to plot against Americans like that. Democrats were not invited to the table," Booker told Lemon. " They were not allowed into the secret meetings. He didn\'t call us up to the White House to have conversations to listen to our ideas. The prime minister’s billboard attack disinters anti-Semitic tropes from the dark side of Europe’s history. Mr Netanyahu, like Mr Orban, is a firm admirer of US President Donald Trump. Janet Yellen appeared to open the door to this possibility for the first time in her evidence to Congress last week. She also emphasised that monetary policy is not on a preset course, adding that the FOMC will be carefully monitoring whether the recent decline in inflation is reversed in the months ahead. He died of liver failure in prison last week. Getting High in Uruguay Now Means Just a Stop at the Pharmacy : Uruguay is now the first country to fully legalize marijuana for recreational use. Supporters of the move say it could be a model for the region.', '2017-07-20': "U.S. Ends Controversial Laptop Ban On Flights From Middle East : Middle East carriers have blamed Trump’s travel restrictions for a downturn in demand on U.S routes. A forthcoming plan to reform China’s SOEs is the latest sign that efforts to boost efficiency and profitability are taking a back seat to ensuring that state groups support government macroeconomic and industrial policies. @ China bulls could soon be running free. @ inflation is withering on the vine, and unlikely to rise\u2009. and the lowest financial vulnerability in two decades,” the bank argues. @ The first round of discussions was expected to yield little in terms of concrete announcements. China’s leadership seems unwilling to tackle this head on, raising the odds of dire consequences. @ China saves about half of its annual output. The financial system that intermediates these resources is dominated by an inept banking system. So these resources have been misallocated to inefficient investment that features rapidly diminishing productivity, little job creation and enormous waste. GOP Leaders Offer To Make Obamacare Repeal Bill Slightly Less Awful : Apparently they hope wavering Republican senators can't do basic math. The New TripAdvisor’s Benefits and Bugs : TripAdvisor has added search features and refreshed its app. We tried it out before, during and after a trip to see if the changes benefit travelers.", '2017-07-21': "China has sent a deflationary chill through global markets this year by engineering a major slowdown in the growth of bank credit in the country. @ All the signs are that the boat is rocking. @ William Sterling is chief investment officer at Trilogy Global Advisors. The BBC still performs better than average but that is not saying much. The differential at national level is 17 per cent. They managed to catch the biggest fish in the sea,” says Nicolas Christin, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University who studies the marketplaces. That may be bad for the economy, but the markets like it. The temblor also damaged the Turkish resort city of Bodrum. Trump Does Not Acknowledge Or Respect DOJ's Independence. The exchange rate is a price -- the price of money. Of course, many Americans are in both categories. Over the last six years, the dollar is still up about 28 percent. There was also a rush into dollar-denominated assets. Could the United States push down the dollar? The United States in recent decades has mostly stayed on the sidelines. The Trump administration has not articulated a consistent policy on these issues. At last count, the United Nations recognized about 180.", '2017-07-22': "U.S. Moves Against Iran Raise Spectre Of Wider Regional Conflict : By James M. Dorsey US President Donald J. Trump. in a step that could embolden Saudi Arabia to move ahead with plans to destabilizeCongress Reaches Deal On Sanctions Bill For Russia, Iran, North Korea : House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi expressed concern that by including North Korea, the legislation could face delays in the Senate. Texas Grandmother Freed By Obama Heading Back To Prison : In March of 2016, President Barack Obama granted Carol Denise Richardson a commutation of the life sentence she receivedProtests Rise in Poland As Courts Are Targeted : President Andrzej Duda is expected to sign new laws passed by Parliament giving the governing party more control over the courts. But protesters still hope to dissuade him. Kim Davis's Anti-Gay Views Are Going To Cost Her State Big Time : A judge ruled Kentucky liable for legal fees in Davis's case. Turkey Wages War on ‘Enemies’ in Business : The government has seized more than 950 companies, from a baklava chain to a major construction firm, over suspected ties to a coup attempt last year. U.S. Moves Against Iran Raise Spectre Of Wider Regional Conflict : By James M. Dorsey US President Donald J. Trump.", '2017-07-23': "Kenya And Ethiopia Join Forces To Advance Peace, Security, Development And Hope : The Kenya Ethiopia cross-border programme may well hold the key to an innovative approach to operationalizing Mr AntónioIsrael Says Metal Detectors At Al Aqsa Will Stay : The tensions over access to al-Aqsa compound have triggered the bloodiest confrontations with Palestinians in years. In Fukushima Milestone, Underwater Robot Likely Finds Melted Nuclear Fuel : This discovery could mark a turning point in the complicated cleanup of the nuclear facility. Tour Operators Brace As Trump U.S.-Cuba Travel Regulations Loom : Tour companies says they've been flooded with calls from clients who are worried about their travel plans. Infrastructure, Trump Priority, Is Pushed Aside : Everyone agrees that America’s bridges, roadways and waterworks are in bad need of repair. But the president has yet to deliver on his promised plan. But a Pentagon announcement weeks earlier would have tipped the militant off. President Overstays Welcome In Congo : The deeply unpopular president, Joseph Kabila, was supposed to step down in December. But he refused, setting off a political and economic crisis that may turn violent.", '2017-07-24': 'Poll: Which is your favorite major tech stock reporting earnings this week? : saved from Rep. Blake Farenthold\'s challenge. The lower house had voted the measure through on Thursday. I admit, that my decision can be controversial. CNN\'s Antonia Mortensen reported from Warsaw, Eliza Mackintosh reported from London. Congress hopes to approve the bill and put it on the President\'s desk before it breaks for the August recess. Time To End Subsidies That Are Destroying Forests : Something is destroying our forests. FreedomFest has been a mainstay of the Las Vegas convention circuit for a decade. They need a straitjacket, a rubber room and a hug from mommy." But almost three years later, they are still in a relatively low range of the upper $40s to the lower $50s. @ The stock market has registered the changed expectations too. Indeed it might be the most vulnerable of all. @ Commercial property is the first place to look. It all but declared prices unsustainable. The correction need not turn into a crisis, though. Shares in Germany carmakers are falling for the second consecutive day after an EU competition investigation into collusion between firms threatens to plunge the industry into a fresh crisis. @ The administration is supportive of being tough', '2017-07-25': "Over the past year, property mogul Sun Hongbin has emerged as the white knight in more than $17bn of Chinese deals, capping a remarkable comeback for an entrepreneur who has had more than his fair share of setbacks. @ Russia and China are both boosting arms supplies and training to the states in the region. @ But that group has not achieved any significant breakthrough so far. @ We’ve Made Great Strides in the Fight Against Global Hunger. So Why Are Millions at Risk of Starvation? : That notion is a bit of a head-scratcher. They would prefer that a dollar tomorrow be worth the same as a dollar today. Economists like to point out that this is an illusion. If everyone is making more money, then no one can buy more stuff. It was a period of profound economic uncertainty. The inflation gauge is published by the Commerce Department. A turn toward stronger growth again has failed to materialize. This theory, too, is increasingly difficult to reconcile with recent evidence. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Workers at the Shinola Watch Factory in Detroit. A Weak Global Economy has Allowed the United States to Import Goods at Low Prices. ( They targeted Russian state banks and major corporations, including state oil companies, such as Rosneft, and arms makers. That hit the EU's agri-food sector profoundly. It is being pursued by Russian energy giant Gazprom.", '2017-07-26': 'Experts Say North Korea Could Have a Missile to Reach U.S. by Next Year : The estimate significantly shortens the time that analysts believed it would take the regime to develop a weapon capable of reaching the continental United States. Political sensitivities play a significant role. In addition, the EU is more receptive to such investment. @ This is especially relevant in high tech. However, such successes may be shortlived. These treaties should be high on everyone’s agenda even if right now it does not seem politically expedient. @ The author is a senior fellow at the Carnegie Endowment. The investment was first announced in November. @ “ This will do little to restrain soaring debt. That adds up to a price tag of Rmb1,200 per square metre. Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. A look at how the stone is wrenched from the earth. Sharp moves higher in prices for oil, metals and other commodities also helped lift companies that produce energy and raw materials. We\'re cautioning investors to be cautious and conservative." Almost Half Of Republicans Believe Trump Really Won The Popular Vote, Poll Finds : He lost it by nearly 3 million votes. CNN\'s Yon Pomrenze reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. Ian Brown / flickr Dağhan Irak, Université', '2017-07-27': 'Trump’s Transgender Ban About Hate, Not Money : The notion that Trump’s discriminatory actions against transgender servicemembers was about cost savings doesn’t meet the most basic standards of scrutiny. Rights Activists Express Fury at an Abrupt Move : Anger erupted at the president after his move to bar transgender people from the military, with many citing his supportive words for L.G.B.T. people last year. But we\'re very clear that free movement ends. Coin practitioners had been awaiting an official ruling. In town, residents still speak the Spanish of their ancestors. Thirty percent of the county receives them. But I can\'t be here the rest of my life, either." Small markets across the country face similar challenges. Slow internet means inventory orders can take all day. Old refrigerators suck up electricity and money. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own. ( There were many diplomatic failures during this period that should not be forgotten. Here are three questions investors should be asking. @ How fast does the government want China to grow? @ Is it the consumer or is it again more spending, and everything is related to that?” Inclusion in global bond indices is expected soon. @ The area is home to Alphabet, parent company of Google, which employs 20,000 staff locally and which last', '2017-07-28': 'Police Training Fund Will Not Be Named For Philando Castile : A training board rejected Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton’s proposal to name the fund for the 32-year-old police shooting victim. To date, only 42 of the victims have been formally identified. It will report to Communities Secretary Sajid Javid and Home Secretary Amber Rudd. " This independent review will ensure we can swiftly make any necessary improvements. My statement on Grenfell and corporate manslaughter. Police say their investigation is ongoing. " Where once there was divergence, we now see a “great convergence”. Previous investors in SpaceX include venture capital firms Founders Fund and DFJ. Mr. Musk faces competition from another billionaire. A Spacex Falcon 9 Launch at Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., On July 5. Russia to seize US properties in retaliation for sanctions - CNN : Russia to seize US properties in retaliation over sanctions : Story highlightsUS envoy to Russia expresses "strong disappointment and protest" over moveRussia says US must reduce diplomatic staff to 455, abandon two propertiesMoscow (CNN)The Russian Foreign Ministry demanded Friday that the United States cut its diplomatic staff in Russia and said it would seize two US diplomatic properties in a sharp response to a new sanctions bill the US Congress passed a day earlier. " She did not say whether Trump would sign or veto the measure when it reaches his desk. We will continue to want to work together.', '2017-07-29': 'North Korea’s Nuclear Arms Sustain Drive for ‘Final Victory’ : The country, far from acting irrationally, is seen as pursuing an audacious, calculated and long-term strategy modeled on China’s rise from a rogue state to an accepted global power. Federal Judge Says Alabama Doesn\'t Have To Tell Felons They May Now Be Able To Vote : Voting advocates say a recent change in state law is likely to cause confusion. The economy\'s trajectory in President Trump\'s first year in office is looking a lot like it did during President Barack Obama\'s last year in office. This is more of the same," said Patrick Newport, an economist at IHS Markit. " But the expansion camouflages some more profound shifts just under the economy\'s surface. Sectors like technology, health care and banking are thriving, even as industries like retail shed jobs. It won\'t be the kind of sweeping reform we need." " Infrastructure spending seems to have fallen off the radar screen." NELSON D. SCHWARTZ Follow Nelson D. Schwartz on Twitter @NelsonSchwartz. A Boeing Plant in Seattle Where 777s Are Assembled. The Economy Benefited in the Second Quarter From Steady Consumer Spending and an Improving Trade Balance. ( But the number of people who need it is rising fast.', '2017-07-30': 'Strongest Contender to Win Pakistan’s 2018 Election Is Far From a Shoo-In : Mr. Khan, a onetime cricket star and anti-American populist, needs to run a strong campaign to succeed Nawaz Sharif as prime minister next year, analysts say. For Migrants, Peril on 18 Wheels; For Smugglers, a Profit Machine : The deaths of 10 migrants who had traveled in a tractor-trailer to San Antonio have cast a bright light on a practice known for its danger. Legitimacy of Venezuelan Election Comes Under Siege : On a day of civil unrest, many Venezuelans didn’t vote and nations across the region rejected the predetermined result of President Nicolás Maduro’s effort to rewrite the Constitution. Putin Orders Massive Cuts To  U.S. Diplomatic Staff In Russia : The move is retaliation for new U.S. sanctions against Russia that Congress has approved. Why Your Boss Lacks Emotional Intelligence : Whether you’re a leader now or may become one in the future, you don’t have to succumb to this trend. Republicans Holding Out Hope New Chief Of Staff Can Restore Order To Chaotic White House : "This week was the most tumultuous week we’ve seen in a tumultuous presidency. " NYPD Calls Unreasonable Use Of Force \'Irresponsible\' After Trump\'s Speech : The department said suggestions for using another standard for use of force "sends the wrong message.', '2017-07-31': 'It has been over three years since Russia seized Crimea and launched a proxy war in eastern Ukraine. There are few signs that the war will end. Fresh thinking is required to initiate a ceasefire and end the killing. @ The consequences if he does would be tragic. No Pakistani government has served out its full term since independence in 1947. The accompanying allegations of corruption are serious and extend to at least five members of the Sharif family. It is also a major provider of WiFi services to Hong Kong. @ When will Donald Trump’s supporters finally peel off? But many Trump voters are more than just voters. They are political fans — a poorly understood modern phenomenon. But social media gave political fandom a lift. Now supporters have spaces to express themselves, away from old po-faced wannabe-neutral political media. Elections look ever more like sporting spectacles. Trump, who is steeped in American sports, understands the crossover with politics. Recall the video he tweeted in which he appears as a wrestler pummelling the CNN logo. Two Romeo submarines were detected in the waters off Japan -- each one operating in the area for about a week. We handle everything," Trump said after a reporter asked him about his strategy. North Korea tested its longest-ranging missile ever on Friday. Trumpcare Voting Process In Senate Should Make Americans Sick. It has been over three years since Russia seized Crimea and launched a proxy war in eastern Ukraine.', '2017-08-01': "Multinationals in China are bracing to be cut off from the global internet as Beijing begins to shut down their only way of accessing uncensored foreign content. @ So infrastructure investors are increasingly pegging their hopes on the greater stability of “wired” broadband businesses. Shares in Hong Kong-listed Hutchison jumped 6.8 per cent to two-year highs. @ But some investors believe the item should now recur. Conduct charges certainly have in recent years. The buyback would be deducted from the balance. US vice-president Mike Pence spoke out against what he described as “the spectre of aggression” from Russia, the day after Moscow said it would expel hundreds of US embassy staff in retaliation for US sanctions. @ The secret to success there, according to the coffee seller’s chairman? It's not as if the negotiations have gone well so far. May's rivals circlingThe Cabinet turmoil is unlikely to relent. Behind every clean electric car there is cobalt. And behind cobalt is the Democratic Republic of Congo. @ Soon, almost anyone in the rich world will be able to drive safe in the knowledge that they’re being kinder and gentler to the planet. @ Cobalt prices doubled in the past year alone.", '2017-08-02': 'Gardner Is Undecided But \'Very Intrigued\' By Latest Proposal To Blow Up Obamacare : After first being undecided and then voting for three GOP proposals to kill Obamacare, U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner says he hasOwner of Sex Website Is Sentenced : At a hearing in Brooklyn, the judge was sympathetic to the plight of the website owner, Jeffrey Hurant, saying he did “a lot of good” for the gay community. Mexico Awaits : As the Trump administration tightens immigration, governments around the world are stepping up their efforts to lure talent and capital away from the United States. It’s Time To Ask Again: Can A Sitting President Be Indicted? : This column was first published by Truthdig.com. Why Hispanics Are Leaving Some Southern Counties : In some Southern counties, Hispanic populations are declining. Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day. You are seeing it in the data and it is evident in the financial markets as well." On Tuesday, the Dow ended the day closer to 22,000, rising 72.80 points, or 0.33 percent, to 21,963.92. And all that is flowing into carry trades." Institutional and retail investors use the funds to make quick and longer term investment bets. It has multinationals, and it benefits from improved trade flows. So dollar weakness may propel the Dow to 22,000 and beyond." Arbitration talks mediated by Acas broke down on Monday. @', '2017-08-03': 'National Security Veterans Worry Trump Transcript Leaks May Have Nasty Impact : Some say it\'ll perturb allies and make the president even more secretive. Dave Chappelle Reveals The 1 Way Donald Trump Has Been Good For America : Turns out, there might be a bright spot of sorts.: The disconnect was evident Wednesday, as the Dow Jones industrial average passed the 22,000 mark, a new high. Nobody in business cares about who talked to who in Russia." But could we see an air pocket in the next few months? To be sure, the glow from Wall Street extends only so far. Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ; Alan Rappeport contributed reporting. Gene editing involves altering DNA to change the nature of a living cell. @ His policies are struggling to achieve their intended aims. But they nonetheless hold the key to unlocking a crucial driver for change. These days, many voters seem furious with both journalists and social media. It denied it was targeting any companies. Where will you make money for the next decade?” It’ll be Asia and China and emerging markets. Germany’s carmakers face a tough new reality. In addition, the deal faced a review from antitrust officials in Washington and potentially other federal regulators as well. Photograph by Hadi Mizban/Associated Press)', '2017-08-04': 'In Singapore, Family Feud Deepens Over Comments Critical of Nation’s Leaders : The prime minister’s nephew has declined to give in to government demands that he apologize for comments on social media considered critical of the country’s leadership. Of these, 49.4 percent reported results exceeding analyst estimates, according to Reuters. These indicate the value of the goods and services a country imports exceeds the value of the goods and services it exports. " Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. As Jobs Grow and Dow Climbs,  Trump Takes Credit. But fewer than 1 percent of jails and prisons allow it. Workers Need Better Trade Deals, Not More Talk : Offshoring has padded corporate profits while suppressing wages both in the U.S. and abroad. Are We Ready For A Nuclear Attack From North Korea? ItWho Is Saying All Those Mean Things About Liberals? : After the election of 2016, as many others, I was surprised, disappointed, and fearful. This makes its earnings look prettier to Wall Street. Smaller companies fared worse as the dollar remained at 15-month lows. Companies that did not live up to investors\' expectations took losses. But the results were not as bad as experts had expected. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( White House Forced To Admit To Multiple Trump Lies : The President of the United States of America is a pathological liar.', '2017-08-05': 'Security For Trump\'s Summer Visit Ruffles Tranquil New Jersey Town : Some Bedminster residents expressed frustration at security protocols, road closures and daily disruption that Trump\'s 17-day stay is due to bring. It\'s a stark reversal from the Obama years. We\'re seeing, for the first time, more of a globally synchronized growth." Brent crude, the international standard, added 41 cents to $52.42 a barrel in London. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( A great investment in American manufacturing!" Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017 The alliance between Toyota and Mazda represents a small but significant step in the consolidation of the Japanese car industry, where a half-dozen producers compete for customers and capital. We need to cooperate and compete with them." Toyota has been extending its reach, as well. And it has been discussing a new partnership with Suzuki. We are a national leader for mobility and automotive R&D, as well as providing an exceptionally skilled manufacturing workforce and an outstanding business environment." JONATHAN SOBLE and PATRICIA COHEN Follow Jonathan Soble on Twitter @jonathan_soble.', '2017-08-06': "Investigators Turn Up Heat on Netanyahu : The Israeli police signed a state’s witness agreement with an old ally of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s in a bribery case. Lucrative Deals  By Drug Firms  Stifle Generics : Consumers have grown used to being told to give up their brand-name drugs in favor of cheaper generics. Now some are finding the opposite is true. Details Are Bedeviling Tillerson In Overhaul, Diplomats Assert : A spokesman for Rex W. Tillerson said the former Exxon Mobil chief had found many problems at the State Department, but critics say he is not focusing on the most pressing issues. Mike Pence Insists He's Not Mulling A Presidential Run In 2020 : The vice president pushed back on a report that he's taking steps to run if Trump doesn't. Venezuelan Government Suppresses Military Uprising, Ruling Official Claims : Authorities say they have put down a rebellion near the city of Valencia, amid increasing instability in the country. ABC Says Tim Allen's Politics 'Had Nothing To Do' With Cancellation : The network is stressing that Tim Allen's conservative views did not get him axed.", '2017-08-07': "News last week that the administration of Donald Trump is engaged in “serious discussions” over Chinese intellectual property rights abuses and policies is to be broadly welcomed. CLSA, which is owned by state-backed Citic Securities, announced in February that it was pulling out of the US equities market with immediate effect because of challenging conditions. @ Mr Lee was in tears on Monday, denying the charges. @ But Trump Has Elevated the Art of Fabrication. : But the degree to which he has trafficked in falsehoods is raising questions about whether standards for veracity have eroded. Oil Nations Tackle Quotas; Splash Time for Disney? : An attempt to increase petroleum prices has been undermined. Brigitte Macron currently has a team of two or three aides, as well as two secretaries and two security agents. If Macron's law is passed, anyone convicted of such an offense could face fines and potential time in prison. Those were hurtful things to say to someone who was eminently qualified,” he says. @ “ Dealing with banks’ alleged misdeeds from the era also remains unfinished business.", '2017-08-08': 'Turkey\'s Erdogan accuses Germany of \'abetting terrorists\'  - CNN : Turkey\'s Erdogan accuses Germany of \'abetting terrorists\'  : Story highlightsTurkey has clamped down on civil society since a failed coup last yearTies between Berlin and Ankara have deteriorated  (CNN)Turkey\'s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has accused Germany of "abetting terrorists" amid a widening spat between Ankara and Berlin. When there is a terrorist, they can tell us to give that person back. So you have a judiciary, but we don\'t in Turkey?" Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron arrive at the Elbphilharmonie in Hamburg during the G20 summit. " Brigitte Macron plays a role and has responsibilities. If the law is passed, anyone convicted of such an offense in future could face fines and potential time in prison. That implies a decline of $10bn in July on a flow basis. A weaker dollar increases the dollar-denominated value of forex assets held in euro and other non-dollar currencies. @ The game had attracted 60-100 million active users -- at least half of whom were playing every day. @ At this precarious moment, there is no room for more of that. @ What If A President Is Too Impaired To Lead? : The Trump DOJ now says the process is fine. We’ve been in a bull market for a number of years.', '2017-08-09': 'US prosecutors dropped criminal charges against a well-known promoter of Chinese reverse mergers after a federal judge threw out evidence obtained during a search of a New York apartment and office. @ China has tightened the rules governing its booming car-sharing market in an effort to ensure the services develop in an orderly manner. @ The ANC has 249 seats in the 400-member parliament. @ He said he was “currently exploring all possible legal remedies”. After extensive remedial work, is the global financial system now fit for purpose? That view is echoed by central bankers in Europe and Japan. Yet the underlying picture is complicated. @ North Korea best not make any more threats to the United States. It\'s not terrible what he said," McCain said. " They will be met with fire and fury like the world has never seen," Trump said on Tuesday. But that precondition has been a non-starter for Pyongyang. And Mattis clearly reminded Pyongyang of that military strength on Wednesday. " At least one person was reported killed in protests. Losses in health care and consumer-focused companies pulled stocks broadly lower on Tuesday, snapping a 10-day winning streak for the Dow Jones industrial average. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note held steady at 2.26 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. (', '2017-08-10': 'State Party Fight Is Also a Warning : A bitter party leadership fight in the bluest of blue states signals the challenges Democrats face as they debate how to seize back power nationally. Fortunately Africa\'s space programs now look much more promising. The first phase will cost approximately $790 million. It\'s everything from data analytics, data storage and transport and more. Two years later President of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir repeated the call. " My personal opinion is that the African Space Policy is a great step forward.: LONDON -- It is the closest thing to a certainty in the global economy. Senior government officials have been hired and fired at the pace of a reality television show. Currency values are both volatile and relative. Spain has seen its economy return to pre-crisis size. But we do think that there are risks in the world that are not being priced in." Terrorism For Profit: Let’s Privatize The Quagmire! : Cross-posted with TomDispatch.com Winning! These are people wanting more prime cuts and fresh beef.” If the bank’s fundamentals were better, all this would not matter much. Moreover Minsheng is particularly involved in shadow banking transactions. says Matthew Phan an analyst with research house CreditSights. Such dominance is good for neither drivers nor passengers.', '2017-08-11': 'Overall, arrests ticked up nearly 40% from 2016 in the first half of this year -- but arrests of noncriminal immigrants more than doubled. Facebook and Alphabet, Google\'s parent, can\'t match it, either. That will lock in profits and cash flow for years to come. We\'re having a more global, synchronized recovery." Boeing workers in South Carolina rejected a union organizing effort in February.) " The biggest beneficiaries have been shareholders. The Boeing Factory Near Seattle Where 787s Are Being Assembled. Photograph by Tegra Stone Nuess for the New York Times) (B1); Boeing\'s Logo at a Trading Post On the Floor of the New York Stock Exchange. ( But it was significant in that it happened at all. If anything, maybe that statement wasn’t tough enough.” @ The S&P 500 ended down 1.45 per cent at a one-month low of 2,438.A top Chinese lawmaker has warned that profiteering by real estate developers is sapping the lifeblood from China’s economy, as authorities make efforts to contain runaway property prices. @ But beyond such cultural barriers, Chinese rental markets are often dysfunctional. Unscrupulous property agents post fake rental advertisements and demand large commissions. @ 🇬🇧 The #CStar is having technical difficulty. I cover war zones, conflict and everything. " Five people died and more than 500 were rescued. CNN\'s Laura Goehler and Kara Fox contributed to this report.', '2017-08-12': "Trump: The Divider In Chief : As events around the world continue to spin out of control, the man who bragged “I alone can fix it” has once again revealed himself to the world as unqualified to be president. Trump says the publicity will bring tourists. Then again, even in years past, there has always been something to fret about. If you poll investment experts, there is no consensus about a perfect mix of stock, bonds and cash. How would that feel if the perfect house came along? Better be sure that you two are on the same page. Or would the bank even lend you that much? That's how I consoled myself in 2009, at least. Any decade ending between January 2009 and September 2010 would have been negative, he said. But something more conservative may be better for you. An untimely stock market decline could hurt, badly. The S.&P. 500 rose 3.11 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,441.32. It is still the highest it has been since May. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (: Stock markets in Britain, France and Germany were all lower by noon in London. Investors moved their money into what they apparently deemed safer assets. PRASHANT S. RAO Follow Prashant S. Rao on Twitter @prashantrao.", '2017-08-13': 'Neo-Nazi Site Daily Stormer Praises Trump\'s Charlottesville Reaction: \'He Loves Us All\' : “When asked to condemn, he just walked out of the room. God bless him,” wrote the website\'s founder. Donald Trump is set to launch his first major trade action targeted at China on Monday by ordering his top trade negotiator to begin an investigation into intellectual property rules that Beijing uses to force foreign investors to turn over valuable technologies. @ Negotiations between the United States, Canada and Mexico are likely to be tense. But with a new Cold War looming, he may have to pick a side. Under these circumstances, a continuation of our rescue work is not currently possible. It would be irresponsible towards our crews. " Many of them are fleeing war and persecution while others are seeking better economic opportunities. Humanitarian groups warned that the move would expose migrants to more danger on an already treacherous journey. The vast majority of those reaching Europe this year have landed in Italy, according to the International Organization for Migration. CNN\'s Laura Goehler, Lorenzo D\'Agostino, Sarah El Sirgany and Vasco Cotovio contributed to this report. They do so to project “humanitarianismTrump\'s Unwillingness To Directly Denounce White Supremacy Grows Conspicuous : The White House issued a statement clarifying his response to Saturday\'s violence -- but it didn\'t come from him.', '2017-08-14': 'Kids Could Start A Ceasefire In Health Care Wars : Following last month’s contentious congressional debate over repealing the Affordable Care Act, the next major battle inThe Price of Bitcoin Surges After an Agreement on a Key Software Update : The price of a single Bitcoin has risen nearly 50 percent since the end of July, taking the value of all Bitcoins in existence above $70 billion. What Went Wrong With The Police Response In Charlottesville : Officers failed a primary duty of keeping the peace, say law enforcement experts and attendees. Housing starts declined 3 per cent year-on-year — the first contraction since September. @ Housing construction in turn fuelled demand for Chinese factory output such as steel, cement and base metals. @ And the really good news: Much of the growth was local. Japan\'s government has been trying to spur the economy with a stimulus program known as Abenomics, after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Exports are still crucial to the economy. Not all of the domestic growth came from private citizens and businesses. Public investment grew at a 22 percent pace. Read More"It could be a source in Ukraine," Elleman said. " It doesn\'t mean that it doesn\'t exist in Russia, it\'s just that we\'ve seen it there -- so that\'s the most likely source." So there are certainly pathways for things to disappear from various factories of storage locations. CNN\'s Ben Krolowitz contributed to this report.', '2017-08-15': 'Letting Health Law ‘Implode’ Would Make Premiums Soar : If President Trump makes good on his promise to “let Obamacare implode,” premiums for the most popular plans would rise about 20 percent next year. News Roundup for August 15, 2017 : The news continues to be a depressing wasteland. Almost 90 percent of the Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index finished higher. That eased on Monday after officials said fighting was not imminent. " The administration sort of walked back Trump\'s comments over the weekend." That helped banks, as higher bond yields mean higher interest rates and greater profits on mortgages and other loans. Energy companies finished with modest losses. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Will Continued Troubles In Qatar Thwart Trump’s Fight Against ISIS? : The former head of Brilliance Auto Group has spent the past eight years of his exile formulating an electric vehicle venture called Hybrid Kinetic Group to capitalise on Beijing’s plans to develop new energy vehicles (NEVs).Amid soaring tensions between the US and North Korea, calls are growing in South Korea for the nation to deploy nuclear weapons. @ As such, the exclusion of iPhone is a blow for Apple.', '2017-08-16': 'Three Possible Outcomes : It has been a dramatic summer for health care policy, and though Senate Republicans’ effort to repeal and replace the AffordablePayPal Shuts Down Access For Richard Spencer, Other Right-Wing Extremists : The online payment company is cracking down after a new report found hate groups used their services to raise money for the Charlottesville rally. The claim that America is a “threat to world peace” has been a staple of Russian and Iranian propaganda for many years. For believers in the western alliance, it is painful to acknowledge that there is now some truth to this idea. Under Donald Trump, America looks like a dangerous nation. @ He is offering the very opposite of the steady, predictable and calm leadership that American allies seek from Washington. @ The [IMF] staff’s scenario of an abrupt slowdown of the Chinese economy\u2009. The fund was also critical of state-owned enterprise reform, noting that large swaths of the economy remain off-limits to private sector companies that nonetheless account for more than 80 per cent of employment and 50 per cent of tax revenues. The scale is more than four times the pre-crisis level. The US unleashed quantitative easing as soon as 2008 and enacted fiscal stimulus in 2009. McDonald’s has struck a deal to place restaurants in Evergrande’s residential complexes in China. @ We have intelligence to suggest that North Korea is not reliant on imports of engines.', '2017-08-17': 'America Can\'t Even Unite Around A Disdain For Nazis : Former Klu Klux Klan Grand Wizard David Duke felt “really proud of him.” If there’s an economic collapse, of course there will be massive credit losses. But the issue is whether the collapse will actually happen. Ms Chu acknowledges that an acute crisis does not appear imminent. The downside is that it can create a problem of proportions that people would think is never possible. But it doesn\'t show any signs of stopping. With each new twist and turn, the number of arrivals has dropped. Meanwhile, they criticize us for not respecting human rights. The same report detailed inhumane conditions in multiple migrant detention centers. We came and they went so definitely a success. " The Monmouth University poll was conducted from August 10-14, 2017. But, amid a growing upsurge in ethnic tension, the Chinese Indonesian candidate that Mr Su had found turned down the job at Bahana Securities and decided to stay in Singapore. @ But not everyone remembers 1986 with such fondness. That was not Mr. Trump\'s view 26 years ago. They have no incentive, and we have no incentive. But in actuality it could spur hundreds of billions of dollars\' worth of work." People are kidding themselves if they think it\'s a recession. "', '2017-08-18': 'Seeking Reset, President Talks Taxes With Donors : The president spent Thursday evening with some of his wealthiest supporters, trying to regain momentum after criticism over his response to violence in Charlottesville, Va.Trump Moving to Impede Consumer Lawsuits Against Nursing Homes : The Trump administration’s effort to rollback regulations has reached nursing homes, with a new rule to press older Americans into binding arbitration rather than lawsuits. The past seven months have been far more terrible than I could have imagined. Facebook, Google, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube are all blocked in China. Three were Moroccan citizens and another was Spanish; they ranged in age from 21 to 34. It was unclear whether this was terrorism-related. - Americans eat about 9bn chickens a year, but not the feet. It’s a match made in free trade heaven. @ They made their case in terms of business self-interest, patriotism and pragmatism. They wait for public opinion to tell them what to do." " All did not respond to requests for comment.) There was no gray area here -- these people were repulsive." I still believe he can get a lot done and he has an uncanny knack of surviving -- I mean who would have thought he was going to win in the first place?" Credit: STEVE LOHR and LANDON THOMAS Jr.; David Streitfeld, Matthew Goldstein and Alexandra Stevenson contributed reporting.', '2017-08-19': 'For Afghan Pop Star, Mullahs Aren’t Showstoppers : Pressure from conservative clerics forced Ms. Saeed to move, but not cancel, a concert that was to be staged at Ghazi Stadium in Kabul, a place made notorious by the Taliban’s executions of women. President Trump Cedes Moral Leadership To Big Business : After Charlottesville, corporations proved more responsive to public uproar than many elected officials, even if they aren\'t totally cutting ties with the White House. John McCain Just Finished His First Round Of Chemo And Radiation Treatment : “His resilience & strength is incredible," his daughter tweeted.: Stocks slumped in the final minutes of trading on Friday and ended a rough week with more losses. Bad news from sporting goods retailers weighed on the market. The company said some high-priced sneakers did not sell as well as it hoped. It plans to close at least 135 stores, up from 100. Stock indexes in Europe fell further after terrorist violence in Spain. Bond prices finished about where they started. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2017-08-20': 'Trump’s New Chief Of Staff Still Unable to Manage Trump Himself : Three weeks into his tenure, John Kelly is ridding the White House of the likes of Steve Bannon. Bad Jobs And No Welfare Give Rise To A New Type Of Charity: The Diaper Bank : A network of diaper banks now alleviates some of the suffering caused by the 1996 gutting of welfare. To ‘Solve’ North Korea Issue, White House Mulls Military Option : In a departure from their predecessors, some in the Trump administration have surmised that Cold War-style containment will not work and that a military option is available. Trump Chooses A ‘Path Forward’ For Afghanistan : President Trump will offer “a path forward for America’s engagement in Afghanistan and South Asia” in a speech on Monday that is likely to include increasing the American military presence there.', '2017-08-21': ": Here's a look at what's coming up this week. Shareholders of Whole Foods Market are scheduled to meet Wednesday to vote on Amazon's $13.4 billion takeover bid for the grocery chain. Instead, the speech is likely to focus on regulatory issues. Paul Mozur This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES Customers at a Whole Foods Market in Midtown Manhattan. ( How Do You Know You Have A Good Consumer Lawyer? Twitter Absolutely Loses It Over 'Evil' Avocado Macaroni And Cheese Recipe : Please keep the avocado out of our macaroni and cheese. Some expected the sanctions and their effect to be short lived. Start-ups often live or die by publicity. A successful marketing pitch early in a venture’s life can grab media attention — and place it firmly in the minds of potential consumers. @ In the 1990s, that multiple was just three. The value of household names was collapsing, yet they were cheering. “ 7 line has been disrupted for years to install a new signal system. The hope is to do the same across the system — but much faster. But Fiat Chrysler said there had been no overtures. Here's a look at what's coming up this week.", '2017-08-22': 'Trump\'s Afghan Strategy Is Doomed For Failure : If the troop surge is to be considered the new Afghan strategy, it is most likely destined for failure. Many of their children attend schools in their parents’ hometowns, often thousands of kilometres away. Chinese property developer Dalian Wanda has walked away from a plan to buy London’s Nine Elms Square amid mounting pressure from Beijing to curtail high-profile overseas acquisitions. @ Now even the Republican running to succeed him -- his own deputy -- wants to reverse course. Demonstrators stood on the dais and unfurled a large banner that read, "BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS." Fields, 20, has been charged with second-degree murder and other offenses. How many times did we say this s*** was going to happen?" What are you going to do when they come back?" CNN\'s Keith Allen contributed to this report. I\'d say we\'re at about dial setting five or six right now. A journey from JFK to New Haven or from Heathrow to Cambridge would not be impossible. @ But Adam Capital is off to a running start. We hope this park can be an example for other areas," he said. Shenyang\'s taxpayers are contributing to the effort. It is like grass that you burn to the ground. MICHAEL SCHUMAN Follow Michael Schuman on Twitter @MichaelSchuman. B1); the Shenyang Area, Above, Includes Apartment Towers and Shopping Centers. Photographs by Yuyang Liu for the New York Times) (B7)', '2017-08-23': 'New Hampshire Democrats Challenge New Law Tightening Voting Residency Requirements : The law was passed after President Donald Trump claimed thousands were bused into the state to voter illegally. The sanctions aim to cut North Korea’s $3bn in annual exports by a third. Buried in the avalanche of recent cyber attacks, there is good news and bad. They have business models, product lines and targets that would make Harvard Business School proud. That was followed by a North Korean threat to fire missiles at Guam. The cars will be under a completely new brand indigenous to the market. " The longest war in US history is probably unwinnable. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 196.14 points, or 0.9 percent, to 21,899.89 on Tuesday, and the Nasdaq composite gained 84.35, or 1.4 percent, to close at 6,297.48. Investors wonder when the European Central Bank will follow suit. We wouldn\'t expect much market-moving over all," Mr. Adams said. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Russia\'s Foreign Ministry strongly rejected the allegations. I have no -- no reasons to doubt that he knew what he said. And normalcy in our relationship is exactly what is missing. " CNN\'s Mary Ilyushina, Cameron Stewart and Tom LoBianco contributed to this report.', '2017-08-24': 'Hedge funds are embracing an esoteric credit product widely blamed for exacerbating the financial crisis a decade ago, as low volatility and near record prices for corporate debt tempt them into riskier areas to seek higher returns. @ This week the generals persuaded Donald Trump to keep up the fight in Afghanistan. A frustrated US president agreed reluctantly. The Trumpian approach differs from that of his predecessors in type, not just degree, and other countries around the world need to be aware of the dissonance with past conduct. @ First, Mr Trump is transactional, not institutional. It’s a bad deal,” said Jeff Andre, a sheriff’s department volunteer at the Kenosha county fair last week. Are they actually going to hire that many?” Capital outflows have dropped significantly. Will they be allowed to keep the companies and assets they control or will their holdings be “reassigned” to others? The answers to such questions are far from clear. @ But so far, it\'s been a rhetorical exercise." Most analysts expect to hear nothing surprising from the meeting. The drug is decades old and has no patent protection. @ Trump Is Trying To Change How We Account For The Costs Of Carbon. But He\'s Hurting His Own Agenda In Doing So. : "', '2017-08-25': 'For Turkey and Germany, Chill in Relations Puts Much at Stake : The depth of the ties between the two countries has made weeks of acrimonious sniping all the more worrisome, leaving many to wonder how far it can go. But its new market may be imperiled by United States laws like the Patriot Act. One in eight residents in Xuyi county, in eastern China’s Jiangsu province, works in\xa0the crayfish industry, and the signs are visible everywhere. @ China’s reliance on infrastructure to drive overall investment hit a new high last month, raising worries that Beijing’s intensifying crackdown on local government debt, which mainly finances infrastructure, will drag down overall growth. @ There are so many different ways that local governments finance urban infrastructure. The growth slowdown will probably be sizeable over the next year.” @ @ “ But infrastructure stimulus has strained local finances. The currency market has already given its verdict. Apple’s differentiation has always been content and services driving the premium [hardware]. Not so long ago this issue was met with official silence. Such top-level attention has already led to substantial policy changes. An EU flag is waved outside the Royal Courts of Justice in London. But this process of clarification has also served to highlight how complicated Brexit is turning out to be. Both sides feel betrayed by law enforcement.', '2017-08-26': 'Controversial Trump Adviser Sebastian Gorka Leaves White House : He has long faced questions about his ties to Nazi sympathizers and far-right Hungarian political groups. Janet Yellen, the Federal Reserve chairwoman, delivered a broad rebuttal on Friday to Republican criticism that financial regulation is impeding economic growth. Ms. Yellen\'s four-year term ends in February, and President Trump has said he is considering whether to name someone else in her place. She said a variety of indicators suggest that investors share the Fed\'s assessment. Small negative effects may be less important than a lower risk of large negative effects. " But there are clear limits on how far she thinks the Fed should go. He mentioned specifically the Fed\'s annual stress testing of large banks. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. The Central Bankers Haruhiko Kuroda, Janet L. Yellen and Mario Draghi On Friday at the Fed Conference in Jackson Hole, Wyo. ( After Harvey, Threat Of \'Dramatic Flooding\' Could Mean The Worst Is Still To Come : One meteorologist estimated 20 trillion gallons of water could fall on Texas in the next week.', '2017-08-27': 'Don’t Invite Friends : The police have prohibited jogging in groups, citing disorderly conduct. Rights activists condemn the ban as an attempt to stifle public assemblies ahead of elections.: " If we have to close down our government, we\'re building that wall." The past will not necessarily be prologue this time around. That\'s the view of Isaac Boltansky, director of policy research at Compass Point Research & Trading in Washington. It\'s easier to bail out of the holdings that could be affected. Early on in shutdown history, investors reacted very negatively. Closures in 1976 and 1977 coincided with 3 percent declines in the S. & P. 500. If you have that dynamic, how can you get anything done legislatively?" A government shutdown could douse those hopes and drag down shares. Investors looking for big increases in corporate earnings as a result of lower tax rates may be in for a disappointment. Here\'s another question: How can the Federal Reserve Board begin to normalize monetary policy, as it has said it would, amid a government closure? Then there\'s the real disruption that government closures bring. Federal employees are furloughed, national parks closed and loans to small businesses halted. Follow Gretchen Morgenson on Twitter: @gmorgenson. In tweets, the president seems to spell poorly, and he’s been flogged for it.', '2017-08-28': 'GOP Illinois Governor Signs Major Voting Reform Into Law : His signature marks a major victory for voting rights advocates and for efforts to increase voter registration. Those claims were subsequently reproduced by Chinese-language media elsewhere, including Taiwan’s Apple Daily. It also has reshaped the way capital flows around the world. @ The secretary and President have expressed different points of view. He isn\'t being critical, but more so re-establishing without confusion what are known American values," the aide said. The President\'s job is to uphold those values. Did he do the best job ever responding to Charlottesville? " No doubt," the source said, referring to Tillerson. CNN\'s Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report. Financial regulators warned against deregulation. Monetary policy lost its usual place in the spotlight. The economic effects are basically identical; the political consequences are remarkably different. The backlash reflects that trade makes some individuals worse off." Even the protesters gathered outside the conference changed their tone. A new Fed chairman might be inclined to raise interest rates more quickly. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter at @bcappelbaum. The Media Covered U.S. Policy On Egypt Objectively. Winter Cold Used To Kill Off Forest-Eating Beetles. But the team hopes public support can get it back on track. Whether climate change is to blame is less clear. Way Back Pre-Trump, Republicans Actually Wanted To Do Better With Minorities : The president’s courting of disaffected white voters could be painting his party into a demographic corner.', '2017-08-29': "Police Chief Resigns After TV Report Links Him To Neo-Nazi Websites : The ex-Oklahoma chief claims vindictive skinheads highjacked his name. Live Gecko Found Inside A Man's Ear : The man was experiencing severe pain and a squirming feeling in his ear. In the event there is a dispute, the recordings can be used as evidence.” Investors estimate that China’s stock of bad debt has risen to $3tn this year, in step with a decelerating economy. United States markets were little changed on Monday as investors focused on the effects of Tropical Storm Harvey. Shares of insurance companies and oil drillers stumbled while refinery stocks rose along with gasoline prices. Most of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange fell. Benchmark United States crude fell $1.30, or 2.7 percent, to $46.57 a barrel in New York. The energy industry was a major market driver. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Germany has accused Erdogan of attempting to silence his critics at home and abroad. We therefore decided to take a new direction in our policy towards Turkey.", '2017-08-30': 'Bush\'s Press Secretary Criticizes Trump\'s Harvey Response For Lacking Empathy : "He needs another moment today, though, to talk to the people of Houston and the first responders of Houston to say thank you. " The development is the latest blow to the South Korean group, which last month reported a 65 per cent drop in sales in China — its largest market. Production is expected to start in 2019. @ A leaf is one such miraculous machine, able to turn one form of energy into another: it takes in carbon dioxide, plus water, and uses sunlight to convert it all into carbohydrates. @ That makes artificial photosynthesis one of the potentially cleanest technologies on the energy horizon. That\'s because repatriation is not really about geography. Most of the money is not stashed in some underground vault overseas, but already in American financial institutions and capital markets. They\'re accounting gimmicks that allow earnings to be shifted abroad." A shortage of cash does not seem to be what is holding back companies from expanding. Repatriation at a discount rate "is a tax break," he said. We currently have the worst of all worlds," he wrote in an email. " Corporate tax cuts that lead to huge deficits could hobble the economy. You can never win if you are competing against their zero tax rate." Competitiveness is about finding the right balance." And the rail’s American owners don’t want to fix it.', '2017-08-31': 'Amazon Sued For Allegedly Selling Defective Eclipse Glasses : Starting on August 10, Amazon began to email customers to issue a recall of potentially hazardous solar eclipse glasses. Recon had announced its $100m acquisition in February. @ The current recovery has entered its ninth year -- long by economic standards -- but it is showing some unexpected vigor. I happen to be one who thinks we can go much higher than 3 percent," the president said. " The economy is stronger than you think," said Chris Rupkey, the chief financial economist at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group in New York. " At a speech last week in Jackson Hole, Wyo., Real Economic Growth: Annual Rate of Change in the Gross Domestic Product, Based On Quarterly Figures Adjusted for Inflation and Seasonal Fluctuations. ( Donald Trump has warned that talking to North Korea is “not the answer” as tensions between Pyongyang and Washington mount once again following the latest North Korean ballistic missile test. @ “ But that trend has begun to reverse this year. @ Their retail deposit franchises provide a plentiful supply of low-cost deposits, generating excess cash that they lend to smaller rivals in the interbank market. Credit default swaps are a Wall Street invention. During the crisis of 2008, they crippled a number of significant financial companies. But where in the world are such instruments most popular?', '2017-09-01': 'Trevor Noah Baffled By Trump\'s Claim That He Saw Harvey Devastation \'Firsthand\' : The White House knows how to make Americans feel stupid for "knowing what words mean," "The Daily Show" host says. Working People Stopped Health Care Repeal. The proposals, outlined by prime minister Edouard Philippe on Thursday, are central to Mr Macron’s plan to make France more attractive to foreign investors, coax businesses to hire more workers and tackle an unemployment rate of more than 9 per cent. @ That means more extreme storms and floods. We therefore decided to take a new direction in our policy toward Turkey. He has been held for 200 days, according to German authorities. In response, Erdogan likened the German government to that of Adolf Hitler. " Journalist Diana Macumba reported from Berlin, while CNN\'s James Masters wrote from London.: Health care and technology companies led the way, and the Nasdaq composite index closed at a record high. All of those companies\' stocks have tumbled this year. Source: Reuters); Freddie Mac Yields: Average for Some Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Securities. ( President Dilma Rousseff was impeached and removed from office last year. This Brazilian crisis has global implications.', '2017-09-02': 'The Trump Tax Plan’s False Promises : Mr. Trump says that all Americans will win big from tax cuts on businesses and the wealthy. Rohingya Muslims Flee As More Than 2,600 Houses Burned In Myanmar\'s Rakhine : About 58,600 Rohingya have crossed into neighboring Bangladesh. Second, this early in an administration, things the president does have had little impact on job growth, G.D.P. or unemployment. Meanwhile, most other indicators suggest "steady as she goes." But there have been individual quarters like that now and again since this expansion. You can view that from a glass-half-full or half-empty perspective depending on your temperament. No Trump appointees have been confirmed to serve on the Fed. The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and everyday life.: MACUNGIE, Pa. -- At the sprawling Mack Trucks factory here, the last of the workers laid off in 2016 after sales slowed down are back on the line, and for the first time in years, the company is hiring new employees. We build fleets one at a time," he explained. " It takes skilled human beings to do that." Over the course of a year, every penny increase is equivalent to a $1 billion tax on consumers. Credit: NELSON D. SCHWARTZ; Clifford Krauss and Bill Vlasic contributed reporting.', '2017-09-03': 'More Than 70,000 Rohingya Flee Myanmar After Fresh Violence : Myanmar\'s leader, Nobel Peace Prize Winner Aung San Suu Kyi, is facing fierce criticism for not speaking out for the minority. What Legal Recourse Do You Have As A Victim Of Binary Options Fraud? : It has also left lots of people worse off. The problem we have with Trump is that he is unpredictable ... we never know when he will tweet next time. " TurkeySchulz took a harder line than his rival on Erdogan. Relations between Germany and Turkey have deteriorated significantly in recent months. I do not want to stop diplomatic relations with Turkey," she said. Weltkriegsbombe #FrankfurtDas sind die Helden von Frankfurt und das besiegte Biest. Soon after 8 a.m., Frankfurt fire brigade spokesman Markus Röck said the evacuation procedure appeared to have gone smoothly. " The situation is relaxed which is a good sign and everything so far is going according to plan. Patients of the Buergerhospital clinic were moved to another hospital. Police had the authority to forcibly remove residents from their homes. Not everyone has the opportunity to spend the day with friends or relatives. Laura Goehler reported from Frankfurt and Susannah Cullinane wrote from Auckland.', '2017-09-04': 'This Thread Highlights Anxiety For Dreamers Over The Uncertainty Of DACA : Dreamer Juan Escalante faces an uncertain future as he awaits details of the president\'s decision. The new device tested by Pyongyang is its most powerful yet. This test also comes just a week after the Kim Jong Un regime fired a ballistic missile over Japan. The escalations and provocations from Pyongyang are now coming thick and fast. @ Last year it recorded revenues of €15m, which it expects to more than double this year. But the world economy is not like a game of football. Like many dangerous ideas there is some truth in it. The American middle class has been suffering while China has been booming. Turkey\'s deputy Prime Minister, Mehmet Sismek, also reacted on Twitter. " EU never had a credible commitment to let Turkey in," he wrote Monday. " Merkel isn\'t only shooting herself in the foot but also jeopardising the future of Europe. Journalist Deniz Yucel has now been held in Turkey for more than 200 days, according to German authorities. In response, Erdogan likened the German government to that of Adolf Hitler. " I thought that Nazism was over in Germany, but it turns out that it is still going on," he said. "', '2017-09-05': 'Marching On Under a Cloud Of Frustration : With the Trump administration announcing an end to a program that let them live and work in the United States, many young immigrants expressed renewed insecurity. Governor Bets A Fading Town Can Cure Itself With Laughter : New York State officials have invested nearly $10 million in a National Comedy Center, hoping it draws people to a city where the poverty level is around 29 percent. But a destabilizing war on the Korean Peninsula would be even less welcome. Goldman Sachs still wants to be number one. She said that Washington wanted the “strongest sanctions” ever imposed on the regime to “resolve this problem through diplomacy”. We had never felt previous nuclear tests. ” Elon Musk Predicts The Cause Of World War III (And It\'s Not Donald Trump) : Tesla CEO issues a dire warning. They see its mischief, and absent a legal remedy, their sense of powerlessness and discouragement has increased. " The Russian leader also said Tuesday he could sue US authorities over violating Russian property rights. " This was unprecedented, and I was a graduate of St. Petersburg University school of law, I can tell you that (the) American side has taken away the right to use our property. CNN\'s Sarah Faidell and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report.', '2017-09-06': 'Facebook, Despite Ban, Seeks Foothold in China : The office search indicates the company is growing more positive about its prospects in mainland China, where it has been unavailable for nearly a decade. No Stranger to Flooding, One Town Suffers Again : Deweyville, Tex., Some residents blame a decision to open floodgates even more than the weather. Neither the group nor Mr Wang, who regularly tops lists of China’s richest men, has been accused of any wrongdoing. Lankesh was a co-founder of the Communal Harmony Forum. Korus was negotiated by the administration of George W Bush and tweaked by the Obama administration. But after making brief inquiries he left disappointed. “ Its easy to find a job, but hard to find a good job,” he said. The company will buy the shares from investment funds including Fundo de Investimento em Participações, Soifer, Pattac and Tuc Par. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index lost 18.7 points, or 0.76 percent, to 2,457.85. The market is also wary of a potential fight in Congress over raising the debt limit. It doesn\'t stop investors from worrying -- it\'s part of human nature." The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2017-09-07': 'TSA will mandate air cargo from Turkey must be screened - CNNPolitics : TSA will mandate air cargo from Turkey must be screened : Washington (CNN)Any air cargo coming to the United States from Turkey must now go through a screening, the Transportation Security Administration announced Thursday. " We can\'t just be waiting on a vulnerability to come up. ... CNN\'s Zachary Cohen contributed to this report.: Energy companies led stocks on Wall Street to modest gains on Wednesday as the market recouped some of its hefty losses from the day before. Utilities and phone companies were the biggest laggards. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.11 percent from 2.06 percent late Tuesday. Rising oil prices helped lift energy stocks. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Ping An is the top gunslinger in the first posse. The authorities disapprove of both characteristics. @ The forces driving concentration do not affect the US alone. The Trump Sanctions Against Venezuela: Is Economic Recovery Possible? : The pundit insists that the press report on the president\'s mental health.', '2017-09-08': ': Stock indexes in the United States finished nearly back where they started Thursday, as steep losses for banks and insurance companies were balanced out by gains in health care and technology companies. Banks skidded as bond yields reached their lowest levels of the year, which sent interest rates down. Most of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange rose. That made the euro stronger and the dollar weaker. " Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( Congress: Act On Chip : “In this dark day of discontent So many feel despair As poverty and dissidence Cause sadness everywhere.” The epicenter was in the Pacific Ocean, some 600 miles (1,000 kilometers) southeast of the capital and 74 miles (120 kilometers) off the coast. This one hit late Thursday, when many people were asleep. High casualties and extensive damage are probable and the disaster is likely widespread. Chiapas hit hardGonazalo Segundo was awakened by the shaking. First responders survey the scene after the quake. " We have experienced earthquakes before, but not like this. We are alive, that\'s the important thing. Traffic lights could be seen shaking, videos showed. El sismo de hoy .. el más fuerte de los últimos 30 años. Many people are still displaced, and now they have a new storm to worry about. But this improvement reflects cyclical strength of the economy. The structural issues really haven’t been solved.” @', '2017-09-09': 'Equifax Clarifies Policy After Outcry Over Consumers\' Legal Rights Following Hack : When the company offered victims of the hack a free service, many pointed out a problematic clause in its terms of use. As China Moves In,  Serbs Reap Benefits,  With a Few Strings : China’s leader promised the poor Balkan nation jobs, cash and investments, but its “One Belt, One Road” initiative is on a collision course with E.U. projects.: Technology and energy companies were hit hard on Friday while banks and insurers recovered some of their recent losses, leaving major United States indexes little changed on the day and moderately lower for the week. Shares of the credit monitoring company Equifax plunged after it disclosed a data breach that affected 143 million Americans. Shares in technology companies including Apple, Facebook, Intel and chip makers weakened. As hurricanes continued to dominate the news, experts said they thought the storms would slow down economic growth in the third quarter. The next couple of months are going to be pretty cloudy," Mr. Chalupnik said. Kroger stock dropped $1.71, or 7.5 percent, to $21.06. They had taken sharp losses on Thursday as bond yields and interest rates dropped. The dollar fell to 107.76 yen from 108.46 yen on Thursday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2017-09-10': 'Death Toll From Powerful Mexico Earthquake Rises To 91 : The 8.1 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Chiapas on Thursday. But they may well resurface if elements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the law created to curtail accounting fraud, are rolled back as some corporate executives are urging. If a company does not have solid controls in place, how can investors trust its financial reports? Through a spokesman, Mr. Farley declined my request to expand on his views in an interview. And they were a worldwide embarrassment to the United States." The study was recently published in Auditing: A Journal of Practice & Theory, a journal from the American Accounting Association. Its authors are Matthew S. Ege, an assistant professor of accounting of Texas A&M University, and Dain C. Donelson and John M. McInnis, both of the University of Texas at Austin. They searched for those with material weaknesses. But here\'s where the study gets compelling. We need to ensure that entity-level weaknesses are being reported and not withheld." But the forecast models “did very well with this,” one expert said, but there is room for improvement. Some civil servants have left as a result. Death Toll From Powerful Mexico Earthquake Rises To 91 : The 8.1 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Chiapas on Thursday.', '2017-09-11': 'White House Social Media Director Busted For Tweeting Fake News : Dan Scavino Jr. was called out for sharing a bogus #HurricaneIrma video. Already, the announcement has drawn criticism. “ Sales, employment and spending are generated as a consequence of the operations of foreign invested enterprises and will all be affected. We have had some help from the Americans but they of course have their own problems. It\'s not about putting us on intravenous care for 20 years but getting us to be able to stand on our own two feet again and have a proper grown-up relationship. The storm also grazed Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic and Haiti before pummeling parts of Cuba. A sailing boat is beached in the cemetery of Marigot on St. Martin on Saturday. The bill will now move onto committee stage and undergo line by line scrutiny. He added: "The British people did not vote for confusion and neither should Parliament." Parliament has already voted to leave the European Union. CNN\'s David Wilkinson, Bianca Nobilo, James Masters and Manisha Ganguly contributed to this report. So far, it has looked as though Macron was winning.', '2017-09-12': 'If western sanctions aimed to cripple Russian business, nobody told the country’s fish farmers. @ On Monday morning, it was downgraded to a tropical storm. @ Irma had roared through the Caribbean as a massive category five hurricane, raising fears it could become the most damaging storm in US history. Battle lines are being drawn in Beijing — in a way no one expected this year. On Friday the renminbi raced to a new high against the US dollar. On Monday central bank actions halted the rally in its tracks. Cheerleaders for the renminbi shouldn’t yell themselves hoarse. The crackdown has snared individuals, multinationals and Chinese businesses alike. No wonder that overseas direct investment by Chinese firms has tumbled this year. None of them thought it was a good idea,” said one person who attended the meeting on April 11. Financial and technology companies led the way. The dollar rose to 109.46 yen from 107.79 yen late Friday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2017-09-13': 'Mattis Heads To Mexico  To Soothe Sore Feelings : Mexico rescinded an offer of aid for American hurricane victims, saying it needed to pay for earthquake recovery. He has called for cuts to federal taxes and spending, broad reductions in regulation and limits on foreign trade. He dined Tuesday night with senators from both parties, seeking to build bipartisan support. The annual report is based on a survey of 95,000 households. " There was no meaningful reduction in income inequality." But the increases in household income also reflected investment gains. Income inequality is at a very high level by historical standards. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Things do not look good for former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. That left investors hopeful people will shop and spend more. Just enough growth, just enough inflation, but not too much of either." That helped smaller, domestically focused companies and retailers. Yet, it might also prove to be the ultimate own goal. You can’t have a business where people are going to invent a currency out of thin air,” he added. “ But one stands out: a five-pointed red star on broad horizontal stripes of red and dark blue. The DPRK is North Korea’s official name that stands for the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.', '2017-09-14': 'Pakistan Says Aid Group It Barred From Tribal Area Lacked Permit : The government explanation for the expulsion order came a day after Doctors Without Borders said it had been given a week to leave the Kurram region. City That’s Been Around a While Is Confronted by Something New : At 452 years old, St. Augustine is no stranger to flooding. But given his anti-trans agenda, her victory would be that much sweeter. But the ranks of people in his administration eager or willing to carry out those threats are dwindling. Altogether, the threats themselves are looking increasingly hollow. There has not been much good news coming out of Washington lately. Chinese regulators are already sorting sheep from goats. The authorities are making progress in curbing risky short-term funding. Fitch found the outstanding balance of such loans has fallen for the first time in 10 years. Demand for deposits has been strong because credit growth has outstripped gross domestic product. But still relatively few investment winners have emerged. @ Moreover, with $3.1tn in foreign exchange reserves against only $148bn in foreign debt, Beijing has little need for foreign exchange. @ The Chinese government last sold foreign currency bonds in 2004. Could North Korea help Iran develop nuclear weapons? - It\'s a continuing effort on our part, and we devote a lot of attention to that," she said. Many experts say they believe North Korea would not use the weapons first. CNN\'s Nicole Gaouette contributed to this report.', '2017-09-15': 'North Korea has fired a missile over Japan, escalating tensions again on the Korean peninsula after the UN Security Council imposed\xa0tough sanctions on Pyongyang. @ Nothing much has changed to make anyone any more comfortable about Chinese debt. There is little point in trying to plan for it. Asian stocks outside Japan have performed fantastically so far in 2017. It appears to emanate from the Federal Reserve. Financial authorities increasingly agree with him. After three years when it was fighting to keep the currency’s value from depreciating too quickly relative to the dollar, the tide has shifted once more for the People’s Bank of China. Ten others went to hospitals on their own. The terror threat level of "critical" means that another attack is considered to be "imminent." " They will be caught and brought to justice. I heard a big... \'Bam,\' an explosion noise. " Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017 "Another attack in London by a loser terrorist. CNN\'s Nima Elbagir, Eric Levenson, Vasco Cotovio, Eliza Mackintosh, Simon Cullen, Muhammed Darwish, Paul Cruickshank, Hilary Clarke, Paul Murphy, Schams Elwazer, Richard Allen Greene, Lauren Said-Moorhouse and Dan Merica contributed to this report. Other industrial companies also benefited. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (', '2017-09-16': 'North Korea has fired a missile over Japan, escalating tensions again on the Korean peninsula after the UN Security Council imposed\xa0tough sanctions on Pyongyang. @ Nothing much has changed to make anyone any more comfortable about Chinese debt. There is little point in trying to plan for it. Asian stocks outside Japan have performed fantastically so far in 2017. It appears to emanate from the Federal Reserve. Financial authorities increasingly agree with him. After three years when it was fighting to keep the currency’s value from depreciating too quickly relative to the dollar, the tide has shifted once more for the People’s Bank of China. Ten others went to hospitals on their own. The terror threat level of "critical" means that another attack is considered to be "imminent." " They will be caught and brought to justice. I heard a big... \'Bam,\' an explosion noise. " Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017 "Another attack in London by a loser terrorist. CNN\'s Nima Elbagir, Eric Levenson, Vasco Cotovio, Eliza Mackintosh, Simon Cullen, Muhammed Darwish, Paul Cruickshank, Hilary Clarke, Paul Murphy, Schams Elwazer, Richard Allen Greene, Lauren Said-Moorhouse and Dan Merica contributed to this report. Other industrial companies also benefited. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. (', '2017-09-17': 'Nuclear Boasts Of North Korea Hinge on a Fuel : Despite a long record of intelligence warnings, there is no evidence that Washington has ever moved with urgency to cut off Pyongyang’s access to a rocket fuel. But if the economy is so wonderful, why are so many Americans still feeling left behind? In 2016, it was $51,640 -- roughly $2,400 lower. Every year the starting rewards were higher and kept growing. They have been dropping pretty much ever since. That\'s enough to buy a medium-size house in the United States," said Fatih Guvenen, an economist at the University of Minnesota and a co-author of the study. " That is what you are missing from one generation to the next generation." And the trend appears to be continuing. " The result is widening lifetime inequality as well. They entered the work force with lower wages and never caught up. The recent progress reported by the Census Bureau doesn\'t conflict with this story. Below Right, a Check Cashing Store in New York in 2013. Those with Lower Incomes Have Fared Even Worse While Those at the Very Top Have Increased. ( Such practices have become prevalent among large United States companies. One, called corporate adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations, is not calculated using generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Or take John Gamble, Equifax\'s chief financial officer. Equifax declined to answer this question. Bad management leading to customer harm is exogenous and forgivable?', '2017-09-18': "Iran Pipeline Is Sending Powerful Arms to Rebels In Yemen, Admiral Says : The outgoing top Navy admiral in the Middle East said that Iran is helping worsen the conflict in Yemen by giving rebels more precise missiles to fire deeper into Saudi Arabia. Long Delays Grow Even Longer in Police Dept. The first is a result of the furore of two years ago. Strengthening the Rmb against the dollar keeps it more stable against other currencies. It is probably best to think in terms of officials reacting to events and making things up as they go along. Fourth, alternative indicators signal continuing\xa0yuan\xa0strength. The GOP Congress Is Rushing Wildly Ahead With A Huge Health Care Bill. We've seen this movie before -- but it might end differently this time. Our Men And Women In Havana : It would be a serious blunder to cut ties with Cuba again without good cause. The U.S. economy is working better for average Americans than it has for quite some time. The rest of the world is stifling a yawn. Where were the personal abuse, the invented facts and casual lies? Try as they might, Ms Merkel and Mr Schulz could not raise the temperature. What separates them politically is a gully rather than an ideological ravine.", '2017-09-19': 'Senators Cancel Meeting With a Trump Lawyer : The lawyer, Michael D. Cohen, said the rush to presume guilt was “un-American.” In the past, hopes for unity have been dashed. Will it be enough to draw more people off the bench and into the job market?EPA Chief Seems Happy To Answer Fox News\' Softball Questions On Climate Change : Days ago, Scott Pruitt called it "insensitive" to talk about climate change in the midst of a hurricane. A Category 5 storm in the Caribbean didn\'t stop him Tuesday. The rise in bond yields also weighed on the stocks of utilities, real estate companies and other bond proxies. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 63.01 points, or 0.3 percent, to 22,331.35. Both indexes closed at record highs on Friday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( The moves could be seen as a stepping back, if it were not for two things. Internationalisation has no single definition. The renminbi has also edged back into fifth place among international payment currencies. Either, right now, is as likely as money falling from helicopters.', '2017-09-20': 'Sina, one of China’s oldest internet companies, has hit back @ hedge fund that has launched a proxy fight in a rare test of the powerTencent will team up with Guangzhou Automobile Group to develop smart cars in the latest in a series of deals in which China’s big technology companies compete to grab a piece of the world’s largest car market. @ Combating Child Abuse: States Take Action : The number of minors in the child welfare system rose to 7.2 million in 2015, up from 6.6 million in 2014. Mr Van Binsbergen says he is one of many. “ Companies need to rigorously analyze how these threats could impact their operations and take appropriate risk mitigation and resiliency measures. " Let’s Not Forget That Scientists Warned Us It Could Be A Nasty Hurricane Season : And wouldn\'t you know? The Start-Up Slump Is a Drag on the Economy. Banks, insurers and other financial companies led the gainers. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. (: Is a new golden age for the American worker around the corner? Still, the wage picture is looking decidedly brighter. Since then, wages have regained virtually all of that ground. Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody\'s Analytics, concurs. " Converging factors are at play, Mr. Zandi contended. There is also a clear list of things not to be done.', '2017-09-21': 'Critics Fear Jabs at Iran May Backfire On President : Critics of Mr. Trump’s threats to vacate the nuclear agreement with Iran say they may have created empathy for the country — not an outcome he sought.: The S&P 500 index rose 1.59 points, closing at 2,508.24. That\'s happening with a whimper, but handled differently, it could have been a big event." The official optimism went only so far, however. But other economic measures paint a contrasting picture. Ms. Yellen paused when she was asked that question on Wednesday. " We have a certain amount of room now," she finally said. Credit: BINYAMIN APPELBAUM; Tiffany Hsu contributed reporting from New York. Market power is the story that explains everything." That argument comes at a potent political moment. But however counterintuitive, the trend is backed by multiple data sources and numerous economic studies. What is behind the decline in entrepreneurship is less clear. Today, it is going through a rough patch. @ The purchase price was likely to be between $500m-$1bn, the sources said. The party may have ended, but it has been followed by a wilder, if more exclusive, after-party. The fund has wasted no time putting the money to work. The central bank\'s announcement drove bond yields higher, lifting shares in banks and other financial companies.', '2017-09-22': "In Meetings With Powerful Leaders, Signs of Bannon’s Continued Influence : Meetings with powerful foreigners — including the crown prince of the United Arab Emirates — signal that President Trump’s former strategist still holds global interest. Just When You Thought Graham And Cassidy Couldn't Get More Cynical : They are exploiting a problem Republicans created, in order to take away coverage from millions. The Changing And Challenging Nature Of Jobs, The Middle Class And The American Dream : Over the past few months, there have been several indicators that the American economy may be humming on all cylinders againAre Medicaid’s Payment Rates So Low They’re Discriminatory? : Standard and Poor’s has cut its long-term rating on Hong Kong, following its cut to China’s sovereign credit rating on Wednesday, to reflect “spillover risks” to the territory. @ The rating now stands at A+ from @ AA-, according to S&P’s website. @ Under former chief executive Levin Zhu, son of former Chinese premier Zhu Rongji, CICC led initial public offerings for many of China’s biggest state-owned enterprises in the early 2000s. But capital markets activity has shifted towards private companies, while retail investors dominate secondary-market trading. And they are determined to secure economic assessments proving their optimistic assumptions.", '2017-09-23': 'New Earthquake Spreads Alarm, Sends Mexicans Into Streets : At least 384 people in Mexico have died from earthquakes this month. The Importance Of Civil Discourse : Polarizing hostile discourse will only breed more division while, at the same time, making real debate over issues less likely. Corbyn’s Stunning Rise To Potential New Leader : The leader of the Labour Party, written off a year ago, can expect a rapturous reception at this year’s party conference. But can he win a broader audience?Turkey Warns Iraqi Kurds to Cancel Vote : The president of the autonomous Kurdish enclave in Iraq says it is too late to delay a referendum opposed by much of the international community. The Caribbean Islands Fear the Tourists May Do the Same. : In a region that relies on visitors, hurricanes left tourism on some islands ‘in a coma.’ The threat of a long-term slump looms, complicating efforts to rebuild. Equifax Made Shielding Data Part of Sales Pitch : The data breach highlighted just how entrenched the credit bureau is in the lives of Americans, and consumers’ lack of control over their personal information. Why ITC Solar Trade Case Is Far From Over : Let’s put it bluntly.', '2017-09-24': 'Far-right party AfD enters German parliament - CNN : Far-right party wins seats in German parliament for first time in decades : Berlin (CNN)The co-founder of the first far-right party to win seats in Germany\'s parliament in almost 60 years has declared that it is ready to "take back our country and our people. And we will take back our country and our people. Crowds gathered outside the AfD headquarters in Berlin on Sunday night. This is a sad day for Germany especially if we look back at our history. " In the West, it scored about 11%, the projections said. Islam does not belong to Germany," reads the party\'s election manifesto. After a fierce battle within the party, he was expelled, Reuters reported. And many of the new MPs will be inexperienced in politics and they will have a wide range of views. " SPD leader Martin Schulz said the result was a "bitter disappointment" and the party would not continue in coalition. The party\'s opponents say it has stoked Islamophobia in Germany. People have given us their trust and we will keep our promise," she said. Protesters chanted "Nazis out" and sang "say it loud, say it clear, refugees are welcome here. " Judith Vonberg, Nadine Schmidt and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report.', '2017-09-25': 'As Syrian War Drags On, Assad’s Grip Tightens : Bashar al-Assad has not declared victory, but no one is left who could oust him, and regional powers increasingly operate as though he is here to stay. " When Will The Economy Start Caring About Home-Care Work? : China’s debt-to-GDP ratio was less than 150 per cent in 2007 and analysts have long warned that such a rapid build-up in borrowing has historically ended in financial crisis. @ The compositional shift, with household debt increasing while . @ It is based on official data but includes an estimate of hidden credit not captured in those statistics. A question that lasted, ever changing, for many centuries is being posed anew. The dilemma for politicians also affects investors. It was laid out this week at a conference where I was lucky enough to be in attendance in Hong Kong. For Mr Varoufakis, China has been an exemplary world citizen. Is there a deal to be made with China, other than some Faustian pact? This is not just because the original role models do not look too appealing at present. Whether this augurs well for Mr Trump’s chances of dealing with him is another matter. @ If it does not, economic textbooks will have to be rewritten. It is one of our absolute top priorities this year. CNN\'s Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report. Merkel\'s CDU/CSU grouping gained just 33% of the vote, its lowest share for', '2017-09-26': 'Officer May Lose Vacation Days for Tackling Tennis Star : The officer, James Frascatore, was charged with using excessive force against the former tennis player when he took him down in 2015, mistaking him for a fraud suspect. But the service has not previously been taken entirely offline and has usually returned to normal in quick time. The increasing popularity of high-priced yoghurt in China has become a saviour for the country’s biggest dairies, with revenues of the fermented dairy product set to overtake milk sales for the first time. @ But the incentives to executives will need to change. Technology stocks slammed into reverse on Monday, and the losses overshadowed gains in other areas to send broad United States indexes lower. Genuine Parts valued the deal at $2 billion, including debt. Investors were also keeping a close eye on tensions between North Korea and the United States. The euro fell to $1.1847 from $1.1931, and the British pound slipped to $1.3464 from $1.3518. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Traditionally, France has been the biggest beneficiary and staunch defender of the CAP. A very European speech by my friend Emmanuel Macron.', '2017-09-27': 'Some Conservatives See PAC\'s Tax Reform Ads As Potential Warning Shot : An outside group showed Republicans the ads they\'re running. That is not to say that all fund managers are rushing back in. Two years ago a lot of them thought it would. However, the size of the exposure could prove costly. @ You play the game and you fund a school and a reservoir, and you are a good citizen. Is there a risk that the chief executive of a Chinese company you have invested in will disappear? “ Small-company stocks continued to set record highs. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. News Roundup for September 27, 2017 : The news is still grim. Britain’s greatest economic strength is the ingenuity of its people. But there\'s no analysis that finds that." I saw no Democrat ready to jump on board." Mitch McConnell Is Having A Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Week : Roy Moore beat his preferred candidate in Alabama.', '2017-09-28': 'Kentucky\'s pre-abortion ultrasound requirement struck down - CNN : Kentucky\'s pre-abortion ultrasound requirement struck down : Story highlightsKentucky HB2 required ultrasounds for pregnant women seeking an abortionThe state ordered the last open abortion clinic to close in March but a judge intervened (CNN)A federal judge struck down a Kentucky anti-abortion law that required women to receive an ultrasound before they can legally have an abortion. It stipulated that physicians who violated the requirements would be subject to fines up to $250,000. North Korea has consistently demonstrated that it is unwilling to engage in direct negotiations over its rapidly developing nuclear program despite Trump\'s fiery rhetoric and increased sanctions -- growing more defiant in the wake of several successful ballistic missile launches and its latest nuclear test. At the time of the earlier cuts, the federal debt was considerably smaller. It\'s hard to argue that there won\'t be a positive effect." Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Source: Reuters); 5-Year Treasury Notes: High Yields at Auction. ( Republican Tax Plan Would Lower Trump\'s Taxes By 81 Percent! : As imports swelled so did production of refined products.', '2017-09-29': "After a U.S. Warning, Questions About Safety in Mexico : Tourist areas like Cancún and Los Cabos have seen an increased police presence following shooting incidents. The United States issued an updated warning last month. De Blasio Falters On Police Reform : Mayor Bill de Blasio pledged to bring more openness to how police officers are disciplined, but, unable to get action in Albany, he has largely disappeared on the issue. Anxiety Over Signs of Volcano Eruption  Drives Thousands From Homes on Bali : Mount Agung, which killed hundreds on the Indonesian island in the 1960s, has shown signs it will explode again soon. Later, President Trump said the operation was going “really well, considering. ” Sentiment has swung sharply positive since last year, when the watch industry was in a downturn, according to a survey by the Deloitte consultancy. @ That marks a change from 64 per cent for the 12 months ended June 30. @ Seth Meyers: Trump's 'Unhinged' Tweets Are Haunting His Staff : Working at the White House seems to be taking its toll on press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Why Public Health Insurance Could Help : A public option could put competitive pressure on private health insurers. Markets in India and Mexico show how that might work in the United States.", '2017-09-30': 'UAE Faces Growing Scrutiny For Role In Bloody U.S.-Backed Campaign In Yemen : The country has kept a low profile as Saudi Arabia, the leader of the coalition, faces loud accusations of war crimes. We are people who have experience with difficulties, and every difficultly makes us stronger," he said. " Parents had also arranged to sleep in shifts on site as an additional precaution, he said. " Then, if \'yes\' or \'no\', it\'s up to each person. " Volunteers cook giant dishes of paella to feed those occupying one Barcelona school on Saturday. I think it\'s a matter of democratic rights. Many complain that Catalonia ends up subsidizing other parts of Spain. CNN\'s Vasco Cotovio and Isa Soares reported from Barcelona and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. The S.&P. 500 and Nasdaq closed at new highs. The stock rose $1.90, or 8.6 percent, to $24.12. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( That is no justification for complacency, however: the eurozone’s real output per head has suffered a lost decade. The question is which reforms to choose. @ Britain has voted for Brexit, the US for Donald Trump. But how the US responds to North Korean provocation matters more than anything else for the regime of Kim Jong Un.', '2017-10-01': 'John Kasich Hints That He May Need To Leave The GOP : The Ohio governor also noted that Americans seem enthusiastic about the idea of candidates outside the two main parties. Benghazi suspect Abu Khatallah ordered held until trialStevens and State Department information officer Sean Smith died there. Clinton denied allegations of a coverup and the claims were later determined to be unproven. I didn\'t know where the place was," he said, aided by a translator. " Some customers reacted with alarm to the news. A fan of toffee nut syrup tweeted, “I need that!”According To His Tweets, Trump\'s North Korea Policy Will Constitute Genocide : Bombastic rhetoric aside, the president\'s self-expressed response to North Korea would defy the UN and spur a global crisis. Final votes were still being counted Monday. We only received violence and repression as an answer. People shouted "Long live free Catalonia, we are peaceful people and we only want to vote." But many Catalans also oppose separatism from Spain. Today Europe has to choose, shame or dignity. We call on all relevant players to now move very swiftly from confrontation to dialogue. The Catalan question has been boiling for 150-200 years. It\'s a no-go, red line for the Spanish right. "( The government) reacted in only way that they could have. CNN\'s Isa Soares and Vasco Cotovio reported from Barcelona, while Hilary Clarke wrote form London.', '2017-10-02': "Catalonia Puts E.U. in a Bind : The European Union, a club of sovereign states, is supporting Spain’s position, but many leaders are disturbed by violence against voters and are urging talks. Republicans Admit Tax Reform Won't Benefit All Middle-Class Households : Their plan simplifies the tax code partly by taking away some benefits. The attack is the deadliest mass shooting in US history, worse than last year’s Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting that left 49 dead. @ Alabama Senate Race Perilous for Democrats : With their party so toxic in the Deep South, some fear that even by rallying to the side of their Senate candidate, they could push away some voters. The U.S. Cared For Haitians Better In 2010 Than Its Own Citizens In Puerto Rico Now : It’s been nearly two weeks since Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, and aid relief is still inadequate.3 Americans Win Nobel Prize For Biological Clock Research : The scientists used fruit flies to unlock secrets of human biorhythms. Opinions On Gun Control Are Massively Polarized. Republican support for gun control plummeted during the Obama presidency. Las Vegas Shooting Leads To Renewed Scrutiny Of GOP Push To Deregulate Silencers : Congress was expected to vote on the measure in the coming weeks.", '2017-10-03': 'House Passes An Abortion Ban After Letting Children\'s Health Program Expire : The White House said the move will "facilitate a culture of life. " But something is different this year ... we must not go on as if nothing has happened. \'" CNN\'s Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this article. You have all seen the pictures of victims that never fully recover, endless surgeries, lives ruined. Torture in a bottle: How London became the capital of acid attacks against young menShe did not elaborate on how the government would impose the ban, but her comments were made in the wider context of a proposed strategy to reduce violent crime and the use of offensive weapons, including knives. But the result was not decisive: turnout was low, at around 42%. Correction: An earlier version of this article mis-stated the time of the King\'s speech. All four indexes finished at nominal record highs. The dollar rose to 112.74 yen from 112.52 yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Dow Minute by Minute: Position of the Dow Jones Industrial Average at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( Iraq replied with military and economic threats. It typically starts during the early elementary school years. Read MoreIs lead in the US food supply decreasing our IQ? Risk factors include having myopic parents. That theory makes so much intuitive sense. Join the conversationSee the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter. Republished under a Creative Commons license from The Conversation.', '2017-10-04': 'Possible Reprise Makes Albany Groan : New York State government, trying to recover from a tattered reputation, may have to rehash some of its alleged bad behavior if new trials go forward. How Can Progressives Succeed In Trump Country? The former Virginia congressman can wow journalists. The vote was marred by clashes between citizens and Spanish police. Let\'s not allow other people to provoke us. These accusations show that Mr. Puigdemont not only is against the law, but also is outside reality," the government said. " Sedition by public officials carries a 15-year sentence in Spain. Protesters joined by firefighters raise their hands as they gather during a general strike in Barcelona Tuesday. All lines of communication must stay open. It\'s time to talk to find a way out of the impasse. " CNN\'s Vasco Cotovio reported from Barcelona, while Euan McKirdy wrote from Hong Kong and Laura Smith-Spark from London. Ruth Bader Ginsburg said there was a greater danger. Boris told me to do it," he was heard as saying -- presumably in jest. To compound her misery, part of the stage furniture began to fall down as she continued to struggle on. Two letters fell from the slogan behind May, which had read: "Building a country that works for everyone," until the "F" in "for" and the final "E" in "everyone" dropped to the ground.', '2017-10-05': ': WASHINGTON -- The federal government learned over the last half-century that it could run up a much larger debt than experts had previously considered prudent or even possible. But the extent of additional costs is an unresolved question. As of June, it stood at around 75 percent of that output. The amount owed to investors is $14.4 trillion. Low interest rates have greatly reduced the government\'s borrowing costs. The years under President Ronald Reagan suggested that those theories needed some work. Democrats have backed increased investment in infrastructure, education and research. And you\'d rather turn the wheel slowly and gradually rather than stopping abruptly." Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Read More"We will not allow censorship into this Parliament," she said. The vote was marred by clashes between citizens and Spanish police in which hundreds of people were injured. CNN\'s Vasco Cotovio and Isa Soares reported from Barcelona, while Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. A Lasting Scar of Recession: 1.5 Million Workers Vanish : The downturn wiped out jobs that haven’t come back, a worrying sign for future recessions. Three basic moves could make the math work.', '2017-10-06': ': LONDON -- The Russian energy and aluminum company EN+ said on Thursday that it planned to raise $1.5 billion in an initial public offering in London and Moscow. The listing would be one of the largest by a Russian company since the Kremlin drew sanctions and international condemnation by annexing Crimea in 2014. EN+ is owned by the Russian oligarch Oleg V. Deripaska. CHAD BRAY Follow Chad Bray on Twitter: @Chadbray. But what happens when manufacturing industry disappears altogether? Recession effects aren\'t supposed to last this long." More recently, however, that pattern seems to have changed. That would argue for continued stimulus efforts such as low interest rates or perhaps increased spending on infrastructure. What good reason is there for not trying to draw in any potential labor supply that might be out there?" There are now more payday loan stores in the United States than there are McDonald\'s restaurants. That restriction is the subject of a legal challenge now pending before a federal appeals court in Washington.) The industry\'s forecasts of the rules\' impact are starker. She eventually paid off the loan by selling her car. The bill doesn\'t have much support among Trump voters and NRA fans either.:', '2017-10-07': 'Fighting a Death Sentence : In a deal similar to the one that turned the tide against AIDS, manufacturers and charities will make chemotherapy drugs available in six poor countries at steep discounts.27 Years After Protest, a Victory Lap for Saudi Women : In 1990, 47 women took to the road to demand the right to drive. They paid dearly for it, but they have lived to see the end of the ban. Their lifting is expected to increase Western investment. Stocks in the United States faded a bit from their record highs on Friday after telecom and energy stocks sank. The S.&P. 500 fell 2.74 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,549.33. Asked by reporters later Saturday about the cryptic tweet, Trump would only say: "You\'ll figure that out pretty soon. Save your energy Rex, we\'ll do what has to be done!" Trump tweeted from his personal account on Sunday. CNN\'s Kaitlan Collins, Elizabeth Landers, Zach Cohen and Jamie Tarabay contributed to this report. Airplane\'s Terrifying Landing May Put You Off Flying For Good : Afraid of flying?', '2017-10-08': 'Kim Vows to Strengthen North Korean Arsenal : Kim Jong-un struck a defiant tone after President Trump said diplomacy had failed to end the crisis. And South Korean officials were worried that the North would conduct a major test Tuesday. In a Trailblazing Tokyo Governor, Japan Meets Its Great Disrupter : Yuriko Koike and her new party could derail Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s bid for a record-setting tenure in office, though she isn’t yet running herself. Dove Drops Ad After It Draws Criticism for Being Racist : In a Facebook ad for Dove body wash, a black woman removes her shirt to reveal a white woman. The company apologized, but similar ads by others have been common. Trump to Ease Health Insurance Rules : President Trump’s plan would make it easier for consumers to band together and buy insurance on their own, but critics warn of risks to consumers. Kim Jong Un Boasts About North Korea\'s Nuclear Power : He also promoted his sister into a higher position of power within the regime. Trump Is Filling Court Seats With Anti-LGBTQ, Anti-Abortion Judges : "Trump’s speed in nominating judges has been perhaps the most successful aspect of his presidency. " Once Racing to Flee the Senate, Rubio Now Settles In : Mr. Rubio, Republican of Florida, seems determined to shrug off the disappointment of a failed presidential race and show he is serious about the Senate, making up for lost time.', '2017-10-09': 'In his best-selling book Capital in the Twenty-First Century, the French economist Thomas Piketty argued that capitalist economies have a natural tendency to incubate highly unequal distributions of income and wealth. There are two problems with their argument. End users included the troubled Mitsubishi Regional Jet. @ The more data we provide, share, access and process, the better for all of us. Nor the fact that information is not the same thing as knowledge. For decades, the global economy has been defined by dissonance. And drama in emerging markets throughout. It is the strongest growth we have seen since 2010." That would be more than double its average annual growth in the previous five years. There are plenty of reasons to hold off on uncorking the Champagne. What happens when the central banks all start to sell? " And no one knows what the outcome will be. To this end we will employ all the means we have within the law. I didn\'t feel that repressed until what happened on October 1," said 25-year-old student Mireya Jimenez. " " Journalist Elena Gyldenkerne and CNN\'s Vasco Cotovio contributed to this report from Barcelona. Merkel changes tune on German refugee cap - CNN : Merkel changes tune on German refugee cap : (CNN)German Chancellor', '2017-10-10': '\'The President Show\' Sends \'Trump\' To Boot Camp With Transgender Soldiers : Oddly, his extensive swamp training was no help to him. As If Trump Weren\'t Enough, Women Are Falling Behind At Work, Too : A major new study shows women are making no progress moving up in their careers. Republicans have a narrow majority, and losing just a few votes could derail a bill. " They somehow have to get their act together." The Dow Jones industrial average shed 12.60 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 22,761.07. On Friday G.E. said its chief financial officer, Jeffrey Bornstein, will leave at the end of the month. He did not specify what form the talks would take, or who would mediate them. Dialogue in democracy is done by the rules and not inventing them as you please," she told reporters. Spain was plunged into political uncertainty after the divisive and controversial referendum found 90% of Catalan voters in favor of independence. He defended the right of Catalans to express their views. " We are now just waiting to make sense of it all." The people that return home will have to come back out to the streets and revindicate what we have done until now. Instead it was he who disappeared from the helm. @', '2017-10-11': 'France’s Biggest Bank Becomes The First To Cut Off Funding For Natural Gas Fracking : But BNP Paribas is leaving loopholes open. Tariff barriers go up in developed markets. To me, this notion has always looked as unsteady as a cheap deckchair on the beach. The paradox does exist but generally only when the service failure is not that severe, it has not happened before and the company had little control over what went wrong. Hong Kong developers slipped on Wednesday after the territory’s leader outlined a new scheme meant to designed to help middle class families purchase property in one of the world’s most expensive markets. @ The labor force has shrunk by 14 percent. The dismal performance is not surprising. This inability has not only slowed their recovery. This is a period demanding excruciating transitions." By now, most Americans live in big metropolitan clusters. Still, the stagnation of small cities is hardly inconsequential. It should not be surprising that they are growing faster. What has happened is significant, and it is not going away." EDUARDO PORTER eporter@nytimes.com; Twitter: @portereduardo The Ruins of the Steel Mill in Weirton, W.Va., The Mill Was Once the State\'s Largest Private Employer. ( There are ... times that our two governments do not seem to be eye to eye (on) specific aspects of our bilateral relationship. It is important to reiterate that it was not a decision we took lightly. It appears that foreign journalists are now being targeted as well.', '2017-10-12': 'Coal Is Going Down, Even Without The Clean Power Plan : Last Monday, Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt announced he will repeal the Obama administration’sSenate Dems Urge NIH To Renew Gun Violence Research Funding : The infamous Dickey Amendment, which bans funds for research to "promote gun control," rears its head. U.S. Withdraws From UN\'s Cultural And Educational Agency UNESCO : The withdrawal of the United States is a severe blow for the Paris-based organization which began work in 1946.Federal Debt Is Not Reduced By Gains in Market : The president’s comments, which do not reflect reality, come as Republicans are pushing a tax plan that experts say could add more to the debt. That would bring big changes for the economy and consumers. Technology, health care and household goods companies all rose. All three indexes finished at all-time highs. Airlines rose for the second day in a row. It\'s intended for patients with a hard-to-treat form of prostate cancer. The dollar rose to 112.42 yen from 112.37 yen. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. A similar Apple center announced at the same time in Denmark is due to begin operations later this year.', '2017-10-13': 'Ai Weiwei Believes The U.S. Has Hit A Low When It Comes To Human Rights : The artist is behind "Human Flow," a documentary on the global refugee crisis, released against the backdrop of the Trump administration. The company\'s stock lost more than half its value. Other cable and satellite TV companies also stumbled. The bar was set kind of high," she said. " Given the run that these stocks have had into these earnings reports, they\'re going to need to see these other businesses pick up steam." Those three indexes closed at record highs Wednesday. More stocks rose than fell on the New York Stock Exchange. Dish Network slid $2.62, or 5.1 percent, to $49.03. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S.&P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Thursday. ( The company board now has one female director.) The question is, if the independent directors had known, could they have done anything?" How Funds Handle a Boatload of Money : A surge in new assets can create economies of scale for a fund, but it can also lead to poor decisions by managers, hurting performanceQuick-Seared Fish That Sizzles and Satisfies : For a lean, firm fish like halibut, a fast cook followed by a buttery pan sauce and a crunchy bread crumb topping yields great results. A lower-profile skirmish over chips for the forthcoming 5G standard could be more consequential, however.', '2017-10-14': '"I pledged that, in a Trump administration, our nation\'s religious heritage would be cherished, protected, and defended like you have never seen before," President Donald Trump said on Friday at the Values Voter Summit in Washington. ... We are stopping cold the attacks on Judeo-Christian values. Trump, however, drew a greater percentage and now seems even more intent on catering to that constituency. Trump\'s emphasis could shape his policy efforts in upcoming months. In 2016, according to CNN polling, Trump won 61% of white Catholics, compared with Hillary Clinton\'s 37%. That was the posture of Richard Land, president of Southern Evangelical Seminary in North Carolina. " I think he likes us," Land said, referring to evangelical Christians. " We\'re not exactly thick on the ground in Manhattan or Queens. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, another forceful presence for conservative Christians in the administration, issued the 25-page October 6 memo designed to protect "religious observance and practice" in employment, contracting and other areas. That dispute is currently before the US Supreme Court. " Chattanooga has seen it coming, for better or worse. One key reason: Its economy cannot support enough college graduates.', '2017-10-15': ': Hurricanes in North America, earthquakes in Latin America, tensions on the Korean Peninsula and political turbulence in the United States, Germany and Spain have produced little but shrugs on Wall Street. It\'s silly to make that comfortable assumption. We have to make sure something doesn\'t sneak up on us." In bond market parlance, the yield curve flattened. He said he was "more skeptical of high-yield and emerging markets." " Technology was the big winner among sector funds, rising 9 percent. Noninflationary growth is positive for both markets. They are all but certain to snap back, probably before long, it warns. A more aggressive Fed is one obvious candidate, but not the only one. There was a rolling debt crisis in Europe for six or seven years. Both strategists also like American stocks. Doesn\'t that mean things can only get worse? Photographs by Wong Maye-E/Associated Press; Seth Wenig/Associated Press) (Bu17) Drawing (Drawing by Zach Meyer)Potential Power Struggle Survives Trump’s Health Insurance Move : An administration maneuver to cut off health insurance subsidies, effectively a capitulation in a long-running legal battle, could give Congress the upper hand over the executive branch. What If Trump Wins On Obamacare And Taxes? : Trump is screwing not just the rest of America, but tens of millions of people who voted for him.:', '2017-10-16': 'Hedge funds often launch when markets are high, like butterflies hatching on a warm day. That was five times equivalent US returns. A weaker dollar also tends to boost emerging market assets. Dead Stars Collide, Unsealing Clues to Universe : Seen and heard, the fireball is a stunning breakthrough into kilonovas, bursts of energy believed to produce metals like gold and uranium in the universe. He said the vote was a “clear contract to change the country”. @ The Fed kept rates at a low level and bought the bonds to reduce borrowing costs, stimulating economic activity. President Trump has said he is considering whether to appoint her to a second four-year term. Other vital signs also are looking strong. Other developed nations are grappling with the same phenomenon. " Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. It cannot be much fun running the World Bank these days. Now it faces rising criticism from its largest shareholder. @ Chinese companies are snapping up stakes and signing joint venture agreements across Russia’s energy sector. Hedge funds often launch when markets are high, like butterflies hatching on a warm day.', '2017-10-17': 'The Federal Response In Puerto Rico Has Been Adequate, Many GOP Senators Say : Nearly one month after a hurricane ravaged the island, people are still lacking clean water and electricity. “ I will always put America first,” Donald Trump told the UN General Assembly last month. The question now is whether that support is growing or shrinking. @ Not only are we going to prosecute the employers that hire illegal workers, we\'re going to detain and remove the illegal alien workers," Homan said. " U.K. Reports  Big Increase In Hate Crime In Past Year : The number of such violations climbed by about 30 percent, although part of the rise was attributed to increased awareness and changes in the law. The decision is a high stakes gamble with low odds of success. @ But one province of 34m people did not seem to receive the memo. @ RBR is based in the town of Küsnacht near Zurich. People want controls on top pay and higher corporate taxes. These views come from the political right as well as the traditional left. @ These examples may be exceptions but they are very easily seen as the norm.', '2017-10-18': 'Insights On The Current Support For Donald Trump : Donald Trump’s support among Republicans as a group in general is much higher than that of the Republican leadership. It’s a Fact: Supreme Court Errors Aren’t Hard to Find : A ProPublica review adds fuel to a longstanding worry about the nation’s highest court: The justices can botch the truth, sometimes in cases of great import. The congress, attended by 2,300 delegates, will deliberate for one week before Mr Xi’s new party leadership team is revealed on October 24. @ The legendary hedge fund investor, has been working to transfer the billions he has made in finance over the past several years to OSF as he made arrangements for its long-term future. Here are four things to watch for in Thursday’s data dump. @ Rising housing prices and strong sales volumes have underpinned property investment, which in turn drives demand for commodities such as steel, copper and glass. @ make the transformation and to make the deal as seamless, as smooth as possible. ” I grew up in a Europe of competing certainties. One imagined that we would forever teeter on the edge of nuclear conflagration with the Soviet Union. Each generation would be richer than the last. @ As things turned out, the second of these certainties helped falsify the first. Communism was brought down by economic failure. The grey men in their Zil limousines — remember Yuri Andropov? — could match the US thermonuclear missile for thermonuclear missile.', '2017-10-19': 'Lyft, Exploring I.P.O., Raises $1 Billion Led by Google’s Parent : The ride-hailing company is exploring a 2018 initial public offering, as it added fresh capital to its coffers from investors including a venture arm spun out of Google. Co-author Caspar Hallman said he and his colleagues were "very, very surprised" by the results. " There\'s no reason to think this isn\'t happening everywhere." We don\'t often think about insects other than \'eww, an insect.\' But these are the organisms running the world. " " JUST WATCHEDBees learn \'soccer\' in new studyReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHBees learn \'soccer\' in new study 00:49Are bees getting dementia? It could be something as simple as growing wildflowers along the edges of fields." There\'s so much going on out there, it\'s a struggle to convince people that insects are important. Millions of the poorest people in Asia may soon face an unbearably bleak future. President Xi Jinping will be conscious of that as he promotes corporate reform at the party congress that began this week. But he can only go at a pace ordinary Chinese will tolerate. Foreign investors can expect to share the pain. @ A funding boom also suggests plenty more money is available. The government’s strong influence on bank lending makes debt reduction easier. SOEs will limit efficiency rather than impose big redundancies. SOE debts will decline at a glacial pace.', '2017-10-20': 'The head of one of China’s biggest chemicals companies has played down expectations the country will become more open to genetically modified crops in the aftermath of ChemChina’s purchase of Swiss seeds and agrochemicals group Syngenta @ When the $43bn ChemChina deal was announced in early 2016, many suspected it would result in the swift approval of GM plantings in China, since Syngenta specialises in developing and researching GM. @ The stock fell as much as 3 per cent to a near two-week low of $155.02. @ That’s what we should particularly defend against.” How many poison pills does it take to kill a trade deal? Mexico and Canada are bending over backwards to preserve the North American Free Trade Agreement. This would shred the regional supply chains that automakers have set up. Trump Puts America At Risk And Disrespects Those Who Serve : Can You Believe? Such an agreement may now not come until the council\'s next meeting in December. That business model is increasingly lucrative. Across the industry, profits rose in the latest quarter. But a few small cracks are starting to show. The card later came in handy when her son needed glasses. Soon her wallet was stuffed with cards from CareCredit, Modell\'s Sporting Goods, Linens \'n Things, Toys "R" Us, Sleepy\'s and Old Navy. ( Despite the logos they carry, those cards are also issued by banks.) Her Only Income Is Her Social Security. ( Other technology stocks did not fare as well.', '2017-10-21': 'Who Is Carles Puigdemont, Leader Of Catalonia\'s Controversial Independence Movement? : The Spanish government has vowed to "sack" Puigdemont and his government amid rising tensions. Rajoy said the measure would be sent to the Spanish Senate within the next week. The government had to enforce Article 155. But in this situation, no government of any democratic country can accept that the law is ignored. " Ripping them up would mean losing that potential advantage, the trade advocates have argued. The internal divisions are now spilling out into public. This is not saying this is the effect of Nafta." Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: ANA SWANSON; Michael D. Shear and Kate Kelly contributed reporting. The Nasdaq composite added 23.99 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,629.05. Higher bond yields allow banks to charge higher interest rates on mortgages and other loans. Both also reported quarterly earnings higher than analysts had been expecting. Technology sector companies had a good day as well. The combination of strong economic data, good earnings and now the prospect of fiscal stimulus is really helping to support equities." Oil prices closed higher after wavering between small gains and losses for much of the day. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Existing-Home Sales: Annual Pace of Existing Singlefamily Homes Sold During the Month, Seasonally Adjusted. (', '2017-10-22': 'A Push to Count On-Time Rent Payments Toward Credit Scores : Scott M. Stringer, the city comptroller, is pushing a plan that would encourage tenants, especially low-income renters, to report rent payments to boost their credit. Big Election Win Likely for Abe’s Party : The leader’s decision to call an early vote has paid off, giving his party a deep majority and fueling his hopes to revise Japan’s pacifist Constitution. ISIS Loses More Ground in Syria as U.S.-Backed Fighters Capture Largest Oil Field : The loss is a major blow to the militant group, but it is unclear how long the militia forces can hold the area, which the Syrian government aims to retake. State Officials Fear Closing of Federal Lab That Combats Biological Threats : The Trump administration has proposed closing the National Urban Security Technology Laboratory as part of larger cuts it envisions for the Department of Homeland Security. Report: White House Rushed Condolences To Gold Star Families : At least three families said they received express-shipped packages from the White House after Trump claimed he called "virtually everybody. Report: Fox Renewed Bill O\'Reilly\'s Contract After $32 Million Harassment Settlement : The network knew of the agreement when it renewed O\'Reilly\'s contract.', '2017-10-23': 'Lobbying Spending Hits Historic Lows : by Geoff West Washington lobbying groups spent less money and reported fewer lobbyists during the third quarter of 2017 thanTrump Turns Niger Tragedy Into A Political Circus : Over the last few weeks, Donald Trump has managed to turn the tragic story of the death of four American soldiers into anBig Business Is Moving Too Slowly On Climate Change, Tracking Group Finds : Most companies worldwide have yet to commit to goals "equal to the climate threat we face." Bill O\'Reilly Accuser Says She\'s Still \'Terrified\' Of Fox News : "You’re just this one person that’s about to go up against literally a machine," said Juliet Huddy. Price growth in Beijing slowed to just 0.5 per cent year on year, while the average rise in Nanjing was 1.4 per cent. @ The End of a Good Thing : Buying wine from a retailer out of state used to be easy, but a recent crackdown on interstate shipping is leaving wine lovers with fewer options. Shortly after it went live, requests to view the research crashed the website. " As a result, visitors to our open access site may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable. " The thesis considers the implications and consequences of the expansion of the universe. " As a result I have decided to rescind the appointment,” he said.', '2017-10-24': 'Goldman Sachs making too little money is not the worst of the world’s problems. But inside the investment bank’s New York headquarters, it feels like an insult. @ It faces something deeper: an identity crisis. @ China Literature, the online reading platform being spun out of Tencent, is raising up to $1.1bn as the country’s tech sector is set for a blockbuster quarter of initial public offerings. @ “ The 19th Chinese Communist party congress has generated much commentary, but what does it actually mean? Party congresses are essentially about three things: first, leadership, personnel and power  second, ideology  third, political vision. @ On the first, President Xi Jinping has further strengthened his position. Instead, the west is increasingly self-absorbed, self-satisfied and globally complacent. He was found not guilty on one other count. @ That release was accompanied by the Richmond Fed survey of manufacturing activity, which showed a slowdown in manufacturing activity in October. Investors are kind of willing to just trust it." Wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.68 a gallon. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2017-10-25': "The Communist party congress in Beijing is a milestone. The Chinese challenge to the west is taking place on three fronts: ideological, economic and geopolitical. @ The Chinese county-seat of Zouping, with a population of 700,000, is a backwater by Chinese standards, its bustling high street almost bereft of overseas brands. Hong Kong democracy campaigners Joshua Wong and Nathan Law have been freed from prison on bail pending an appeal against their sentences for inciting illegal assembly. @ Hu Jintao was designated as Jiang Zemin’s likely successor in 1992. Deep Democracy' — A Cure For Climate Change And Economic Inequality? : October 21, 2017, Marin Country, CA.—Why has society not been able to solve the climate crisis? Rohingyas Are Suffering 'On A Catastrophic Scale.' Now, he says, it’s time to let the economy recover. Other U.S. stocks finished the day with smaller gains. That helped banks, as higher interest rates boost their profits on lending. Eli Lilly sank $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $85.17. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( The Communist party congress in Beijing is a milestone.", '2017-10-26': 'Julian Assange Says WikiLeaks Rejected Request From Trump-Linked Firm : A data firm reportedly offered to help with Hillary Clinton\'s emails. Virginia-class submarines currently cost roughly $2.7 billion each. Click through the gallery to see some of the other subs in the U.S. Navy\'s fleet. This hull section provides for additional payloads to accommodate advanced technology used to carry out classified research and development and for enhanced warfighting capabilities. according to Randy Forbes, a former US representative who served as chairman of the Seapower and Projection Forces subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee while in Congress. Honestly, I think it\'s operational experience. In the end, numbers are a capability in themselves. " Trump Populism Has Won The GOP Civil War? Unlike other tech giants, Twitter could have a harder time dealing with the fallout. There are times when we must risk our careers in favour of our principles. Establishment Republicans are in full collapse. Flake was polling like crazy and the numbers were coming back terrible. That is a concern for Mr McConnell as the Republicans have only a 52-48 Senate majority. Many hold the room for monetary policy manoeuvre to be limited. Catalan President Carles Puigdemont making his statement on Thursday in Barcelona. CNN\'s Claudia Rebaza and journalist Elena Gyldenkerne reported from Barcelona.', '2017-10-27': "The Budget Resolution Is Devastating For The Bisexual Community : Bisexual people are statistically lower income and more likely to have a disability. Polls suggest there may be some critical cracks forming in Trump's voter base that threaten his already-shaky popularity. Fox News Revenues Nosedive Despite Trump's Constant Viewing : MSNBC is up 2 percent and CNN is down just 1 percent. Tapping Retirement Funds in an Emergency May Cause Other Problems : One in eight working-age Americans with retirement savings drew on them in a year when they had a financial setback, a new Pew analysis found. That can dent the returns on those long-term accounts. It doesn’t mean that top leaders no longer care about growth. Of course they do,” wrote Larry Hu, China economist at Macquarie in Hong Kong. “ But it means they want to have more flexibility. Policymakers are likely to tolerate growth to [move] another leg down to 5-6 per cent in the next five years, so that they could have bigger room to fix the structural problems and make growth more sustainable.” @ For the past decade, as the broking business digitalised and migrated into banks and securities houses, the once-lively activity on the trading floor has dwindled.", '2017-10-28': ': LONDON -- Two of the world\'s leading chemical manufacturers, the Huntsman Corporation and Clariant of Switzerland, terminated a planned multibillion-dollar merger on Friday, bowing to pressure from activist investors who opposed the deal. The deal had been forecast to save about $400 million a year. Huntsman was founded in 1970 by Jon M. Huntsman Sr., CHAD BRAY Follow Chad Bray on Twitter: @Chadbray. Virginia Election May Hinge on Immigrants. But the zero tolerance policy appears to be paying off: The streets are spotless.: The United States economy is showing increased signs of resilience. There isn\'t a single major economy that is in recession." A Flooded Gas Station in Houston in Late August. Photograph by Brendan Smialowski/Agence France-Presse -- Getty Images) (A12) Chart: G.D.P. Change: Annual Rate of Change in the Gross Domestic Product, Based On Quarterly Figures Adjusted for Inflation and Seasonal Fluctuations. ( So far, it\'s all flexibility and no security. " Nearly one in four young people is unemployed. But how to generate more jobs provokes fierce argument. German companies became more competitive. But much of that boost came via a drop in pay. A lot of businesses have too many people."', '2017-10-29': 'Puerto Rico Governor Calls For Cancellation Of Whitefish Contract : The contract has come under increased criticism after it was revealed that the terms were obtained without a public bid process. Progressive Canadian Leader: Justin Trudeau Should ‘Stand Up’ To Donald Trump : Jagmeet Singh, leader of Canada\'s New Democratic Party, achieved international fame for how he handled a racist heckler at a town hall. The Surprising Story Of Republican Towns Going Green : The cost savings of alternative energy lure GOP mayors, but the climate reasons resonate, too. Trump Ally Roger Stone Suspended From Twitter After Vicious Attacks On CNN Journalists : The notorious GOP operative said Jake Tapper and Don Lemon should be "punished. " Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority Cancels Whitefish Energy Deal : PREPA\'s executive director announced the decision Sunday, hours after the U.S. territory\'s governor called for the contract\'s termination. GOP Doesn’t Seem To Hate Debt So Much Now That It Wants A Tax Cut : Republican leaders support tax cuts adding trillions to the national debt now, but had dire warnings about it under the Obama administration. It’s Been One Month Since The Las Vegas Shooting And Bump Stocks Are Still Legal : The push for a ban on the devices has stalled in Congress. Donald Trump Concedes He\'s \'Not At All Presidential\' As He Slams Michael Moore Play : Your presidency is a "total bomb," Moore tweets back.', '2017-10-30': 'Hillary Clinton Blasts Trump Administration For Its LGBTQ Rights Stance : The president\'s silence on queer issues is "just wrong," she said. Obama\'s Overtime Reforms Aren\'t Dead Yet : Trump might make more workers eligible for overtime pay, just not as many as Obama envisioned. These questions come as economic data have been "superb," Schlossberg said. In 2008 Chinese capital accounted for just 5 per cent of the aviation finance market. Neither Qudian nor the CBRC responded to request for comment on Sunday. @ The slowdown exposes underlying fragilities that no triumphalist talk could conceal. A corporate bankruptcy law was put into effect last year. Last November, the government unexpectedly withdrew 500 and 1,000-rupee notes. The big deal is that this algorithm, called AlphaGo Zero, is completely self-taught. In foreign affairs, the war in Yemen and the dispute with Qatar appear to be in stalemate. Future generations will inherit a much more inhospitable planet," he added. We have many of the solutions already to address this challenge. What we need now is global political will and a new sense of urgency. "', '2017-10-31': "Team Trump Again Tries To Brush Off Major Scandal By Infantilizing Key Staffer : George Papadopoulos was a key staffer of Trump's, but the president and his supporters are attempting to diminish him as a young, low-level outsider. Will Iran Be The Next Regional Nation Torn Apart By Conflict? : This brutal 'Persianization' process was doomed to failure from the start. Ocean Flower Island is a vision of luxury, Chinese-style. The property sector has been given a helping hand. The result has been another heady boom in construction. The government keeps this market going. “ In the short term it works, but only if people believe the government will protect them.” @ But others insist that fears of a bubble are overstated. Counting even people living in small towns, China has only 700m urban dwellers. Where is this next wave of urbanisation supposed to come from?” @ Chinese savers have few options for investing their money. The stock market is\xa0volatile, returns on bank deposits are meagre and foreign exchange controls largely prevent households from buying foreign assets. The steel industry has a serious problem with size: it needs to slim down. @ It] results in a high level of exports that in some cases are illegally subsidised and dumped in other nations. ” Banks are generally a proxy for wider economic trends. That for new orders dipped 1.9 points to 52.9. @ Sales are slumping, and some businesses are faltering.", '2017-11-01': 'On Tax Cuts, G.O.P.’s Math Won’t Add Up : Republicans are running into political challenges as they try to offset lost revenue to stay within the confines of the $1.5 trillion tax cut that lawmakers have voted to allow. People talk about taxes, low interest rates and all these other things, but what really drives the market is earnings." Its Class A shares fell $3.89, or 23.7 percent, to $12.52. Economists expect to see continued strength in hiring. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( Most are incorporated in light regulatory jurisdictions like the Cayman Islands. As a result, Chinese companies often behave differently. This issue has rarely, if ever, been raised to us." Baidu did not respond to requests for comment. Weibo now has its own stock listing, while Sina owns a 46 percent stake. It would seem like there should be some common ground from both sides on how to realize that value," he said. An App for the Microblogging Service Weibo.', '2017-11-02': 'Walter Isaacson : The author of “Einstein,” “Steve Jobs,” and, most recently, “Leonardo da Vinci,” has a weakness for cyberpunk dating to the 1980s: William Gibson, Bruce Sterling, Neal Stephenson. But the Russian disinformation campaign has put them in an unflattering light. They have been reaping better revenue and profits as the economy strengthens, and a report on Thursday showed that private employers added more jobs last month than economists expected. We just haven\'t seen the wage growth part of it, but now we\'re seeing the wage growth start to tick through." Smaller companies often pay higher tax rates than their bigger rivals. In the commodities market, benchmark U.S. crude dipped 8 cents to settle at $54.30 per barrel. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. The Leninist political system is not on the ash heap of history. This remains the most extraordinary political event since the second world war. Read new Defence Secretary @GavinWilliamson\'s statement about his appointment today. Reacting to Fallon\'s resignation on Twitter, Hartley-Brewer said: "I doubt my knee was the reason." CNN\'s Kara Fox and Simon Cullen contributed to this report.', '2017-11-03': 'Progressive Group Calls Ralph Northam \'Racist,\' Sparking Intra-Party Feud Ahead Of Big Election : The Democratic candidate for Virginia governor said he would ban so-called “sanctuary cities” if one arose in the state. It has reached a level of frenzyPressure On Sessions Rises As Democrats Call For Him To Clarify Testimony On Russia : "I am deeply troubled that this newest revelation strongly suggests that the Senate -- and the American public -- cannot trust your word," wrote Sen. Al Franken. The House tax plan would temporarily cut the top corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average added 81.25 points, or 0.3 percent, to a record 23,516.26. That wasn\'t enough to save her job, however. Other measures paint a more ambiguous picture, however. Some economists have pointed at demographics, globalization or other forces outside policymakers\' control. Instead, she waited nearly two years -- until December 2015 -- to do so, then another full year before doing so again. ( The Fed is figuring out how to unwind a $4 trillion balance sheet. It will be months before it is clear whether that confidence was well placed. Riskier assets have seen even bigger gains. The process absolutely met the legal requirements in every particular. Creditors will own the remaining 47 per cent. Alibaba likes to advertise its grocery stores. Operating in the real world is expensive. @ They are predominantly reported in the city\'s east.', '2017-11-04': 'Sprint and T-Mobile End Merger Talks Once Again : The failure of the talks marked the second time in three years that the two failed to reach a deal to create a stronger competitor to Verizon and AT&T.Republicans May Be Feuding, but Democrats Have Problems of Their Own : A disclosure in the book reignites the anger Bernie Sanders’s supporters felt in 2016. Rachel Maddow Wonders: Would We Really Be Better Off Without Jeff Sessions? : Meanwhile, on-the-ground reporting is more necessary than ever.: Citigroup, Credit Suisse, J. P. Morgan, Merrill Lynch International, SIB (Cyprus) Limited and VTB Capital acted as joint global coordinators on the EN+ offering. ANDREW E. KRAMER and CHAD BRAY Follow Andrew E. Kramer and Chad Bray on Twitter: @AndrewKramerNYT and @Chadbray Credit: ANDREW E. KRAMER and CHAD BRAY; Mark Mazzetti and Michael J. de la Merced contributed reporting.: It would be the third increase this year. The hurricane-battered job market surged back to life in October, the government reported on Friday, the latest sign that the American economy has entered perhaps its strongest stretch of growth in years. President Trump hailed the strong jobs report on Friday afternoon, tweeting "JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!" And more sophisticated measures show somewhat stronger gains. A friend of theirs will call up and say, \'Hey, it\'s better over here,\' and they will up and leave."', '2017-11-05': "Under Trump, Obamacare Shopping Is Even More Confusing. Health insurance customers really need to do their research this year. The North Korea Crisis Looms Over Trump's Visit To Japan : Sometimes a forgotten player in the crisis, Japan is feeling the weight of the escalating nuclear tensions. DNC Chairman Promises To Reform Party's Presidential Nominating Process : Tom Perez addressed renewed uproar over the DNC's role in the 2016 primary fight. Millions in Facebook Shares Rooted in Russian Cash : Leaked files show that a state-controlled bank in Moscow helped to fuel Yuri Milner’s ascent in Silicon Valley, where the Russia investigation has put tech companies under scrutiny. Next Mission For de Blasio: Nicer Officers : Crime has remained low during Mayor Bill de Blasio’s tenure, but improving trust in the police, and rooting out officers’ biases, are a work in progress. But they say they still have a way to go to change “Mad Men” thinking. Bull Market Tests Nerves On Wall St. : Markets are breaking one record after another, but many investors are on the sidelines. The anxiety is a contrast to the euphoria of other bull markets. Tax Plan Carries Political Peril For Republicans in Blue States   : Republicans hope a tax bill will lift their fortunes in 2018. In crucial states like New Jersey, with high local taxes, it could do just the opposite. Under Trump, Obamacare Shopping Is Even More Confusing.", '2017-11-06': 'Trump Tells Japan It Can Protect Itself by Buying U.S. Military Equipment : President Trump was by turns generous and challenging as he pressed Japan on shooting down North Korean missiles and on trade imbalances with the United States. Island-Hopping Saved Apple Billions in Taxes : The tech giant has found a tax haven in the island of Jersey, leaving billions of dollars untouched by the United States, leaked documents reveal. No one — no dictator, no regime, and no nation — should underestimate, ever, American resolve. Every once in a while, in the past, they underestimated us. ” GS still investing in our big new Euro headquarters here. Expecting/hoping to fill it up, but so much outside our control.#Brexit.” @ Great meetings, great weather, really enjoyed it. Good, because I’ll be spending a lot more time there. # Ross said the Trump administration had been able to deliver on deregulation policies because the president was able to exercise his executive powers in order to achieve these aims. " Meantime, job growth has decelerated over the same period, with the hurricanes hastening this slowdown. CNBC\'s Matthew J. Belvedere and Reuters contributed to this report. Boston Minority Voters Face Possible Violation Of Election Rights In This Week\'s Elections : Black and Asian voters are most vulnerable at losing fair access to the polls and their voting rights. A loss in a state won by Hillary Clinton would be a major blow for the party.', '2017-11-07': 'Republican Plan Would Raise Taxes on Millions of Middle-Class Families : The Republican tax bill would cut taxes on average, but it would raise them on millions of middle-class families, especially those with large medical expenses. So far, his interventions have been ignorant but not substantively harmful. But a president in possession of serious misconceptions always retains the potential to cause havoc. @ Well before his election, Mr Trump had several Asian countries in his sights. Their crime was running bilateral trade surpluses with the US. The product enables investors to trade an index that tracks the performance of Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Netflix, and Google-parent Alphabet, along with Alibaba, Baidu, Nvidia, Tesla and Twitter. " If you want to do such a crazy thing, it certainly makes it easy to do. ... It appeals to the trading instincts in investors. ... The firm is widely regarded as the leader of passive index investing. It has approximately $4.7 trillion in assets under management, according to its president. On Monday, another reason for the move became apparent. The combined company\'s products would touch nearly every smartphone in the world. What we perceive is that the business environment has steadily improved. Avago\'s corporate history can be traced back to Hewlett-Packard. The deal for Qualcomm would be $130 billion including debt. Mr. Tan has for years pushed growth by acquisition. Antitrust approval may also be a concern. MICHAEL J. de la MERCED Follow Michael J. de la Merced on Twitter: @m_delamerced.', '2017-11-08': 'Church Attack Exposes a Failure in National Background Checks : Background checks are supposed to bar domestic violence offenders like Devin P. Kelley from buying guns. But they can’t if they don’t have the records. Weinstein Work Puts New Glare on Lawyer : David Boies, known for Bush v. Gore but also aggressive battles for businesses, is drawing fire for helping Harvey Weinstein draft a contract to hire private investigators. The opposition is divided and demoralised. He had apparently killed himself, the UK Press Association reported. But it must be done formally, and through official channels." By convention, ministers\' meetings with foreign officials are conducted under strict protocol. I am sorry for this and I apologize for it. " Patel\'s apology failed to dampen the story. Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria in 1967 and annexed it in 1981. CNN\'s Max Foster, Euan McKirdy, Andrew Carey, Hilary McGann, David Wilkinson, Eric Levenson and Sarah Chiplin contributed to this report. With the oldest baby boomers now in retirement, those numbers may rise much higher. Like all investment product offerings, annuities have positive and negative aspects to them. Here are a few of the more prominent pros and cons. If a portfolio account goes to zero, the insurance company still keeps sending out the checks. Market upside participation with downside protection. For most people, that will result in a bigger tax hit.', '2017-11-09': "Election Results From Maine and Virginia Add to Medicaid Expansion Hopes : Passage of a referendum in Maine and Democratic gains in Virginia mean two more states may expand Medicaid soon. Advocates hope for more successes next year. The new committee's mission appears to fall short of what many in China has expected. Its next leader might also be considerably more influential and politically connected. Investors in Shanghai Watching Financial Analysis On Television. ( Priti Patel resigned from her role on Wednesday. Technology companies rose for the tenth day in a row. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 39 cents to $56.81 a barrel in New York. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jayt This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Chinese shoppers spent $18bn online on November 11 last year, 82 per cent using mobile devices. The prime minister claimed his decision was aimed at wiping out corruption. I know one thing about your president, if he works on it hard it will happen. ” The reading was the highest since January. @ Are Ryan And McConnell Secretly Getting Closer To Bailing On Trump? : Interest in Israel among young Jews is way down.", '2017-11-10': 'Unsettling Acts Deepen Tension In Middle East : A series of odd events in the Middle East have analysts and diplomats wondering if they are connected, and whether they are a prelude to war. Here to Help; How to Manage Your Email on Multiple Devices : If you set up your mail accounts with the IMAP standard on your computer and mobile gadgets, keeping your mailboxes in sync is much easier. Mail Is Late, and DACA Renewals Are Denied : Dozens of young immigrants mailed renewal forms weeks before they were due. Expansion into China will support Hong Kong banks’ margins but could also expose risks. be negative for banks’ ratings,” Sabine Bauer, senior director for financial institutions at Fitch Ratings in Hong Kong, wrote in a report. Even by the tumultuous standards of its short life as a public company, Snap has had a rollercoaster week. @ On Monday its main app, Snapchat, suffered a global service outage for several hours. Wednesday morning then brought a slight reprieve. Voter Turnout In New York -- How Low Will We Go? : The White House says Trump has a ‘warm rapport’ with him.', '2017-11-11': 'Employees at French Cleaning Company Win Sexual Harassment Case : The decision in favor of five immigrant workers was unusual because very few sexual harassment cases in France end up in court, let alone against such a big company. Returns from recent elections demonstrate a severe backlash to Trump that may reverberate throughout 2018.How The House GOP Tax Plan Soaks University Cooks, Custodians And Other Low-Paid Workers : Ending a deduction that benefits university workers is even worse than people think, say two tax experts. Foreign firms may not rush in right away. China could use some friendly faces in Washington. They have also been distracted by domestic issues and other trade issues. There will be more different kinds of capital involved, and their management ideas and risk control ideas may arouse some reaction." American financial institutions cautiously welcomed the Chinese move. According to the bank, 95 percent of its retail banking transactions now take place outside bank branches. KEITH BRADSHER Follow Keith Bradsher on Twitter:@KeithBradsher Credit: KEITH BRADSHER; Ailin Tang contributed research. Photograph by Mike Nelson/European Pressphoto Agency); President Trump and President Xi Jinping of China During a Meeting with Chinese Business Leaders On Thursday in Beijing. (', '2017-11-12': 'Former Top Intelligence Chiefs: Trump Being \'Played\' By Putin : “I think Mr. Putin is very clever in terms of playing to Mr. Trump’s interest in being flattered,” former CIA Director John Brennan saidHundreds Dead After Powerful Earthquake Hits Border Between Iran And Iraq : It was Iran’s deadliest earthquake in more than a decade. Advertisers Ditch Sean Hannity Over His Coverage Of Roy Moore\'s Alleged Pursuit of Teens : At least five companies, including Keurig and Nature\'s Bounty, have publicly distanced themselves from the Fox News host this week. Zaghari-Ratcliffe and her family have maintained that she was in Iran visiting family. On Wednesday, Iranian state TV IRIB said Johnson amounted to an unintentional confession. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is set to visit Iran before the end of the year. She was sentenced to five years in jail and her child was placed in the care of her parents. One of the things I want to stress is that there is no reason why she should be in prison in Iran as far as I know. " When told that Richard Ratcliffe said his wife was in Iran on holiday, Mr Gove added: "In that case, I take exactly her husband\'s assurance in that regard. " Michael Gove is the UK  Environment Secretary. May under pressureThe calls for Johnson\'s dismissal come with May facing a crisis over her Cabinet after losing two ministers this month. But some experts say that shouldn’t worry companies.', '2017-11-13': 'Last Tuesday\'s Elections Gave Progressive Activists A Much-Needed Morale Boost : Less than a month ago, most didn\'t believe their activism was effective. Zaghari-Ratcliffe was in Iran on holiday, he said. " Johnson had corrected his remarks to a British parliamentary committee last week. Of course I apologize for the distress, for the suffering that has been caused by the impression that I gave that the government believed, that I believed, that she was there in a professional capacity. This was supposed to be Tesla’s moment of triumph. That volume would allow it to move out of its high-end niche and compete head to head with traditional automakers. @ The company also reported a bigger than expected third-quarter loss. @ Hackers accessed the party’s website and staff computers, stole data and modified content. @ Relations between China and Taiwan, which Beijing regards as a renegade province, remain tense. Courtesy demands reciprocity, as the Chinese saying goes. But this opening is also a gift that Beijing is giving to itself. The attractiveness of investments in China to foreign institutions will vary by sub-sector. Asset managers are much more likely to be tempted. The company is now one of the 10 most valuable in the world. @ Nine out of 10 purchases were made using mobile phones. @ “ There’s a middle class of over 300m and every year their disposable income increases.” @ He added that possible future measures such as engagement would encompass the whole ecosystem. @', '2017-11-14': 'Just Send Cash, Alabama Democrat Tells Party : Doug Jones has portrayed his race for the Senate as an Alabama effort, apart from the national Democratic Party, but he is reaping the fruit of an energized party. I\'ve always been great with money, I\'ve always been great with jobs, that\'s what I do." Whether he deserves credit is, being charitable to him, up for debate. I keep a little bit, you know, as a hedge. Measuring confidence, is of course, a subjective matter. Those challenges are extending to mall owners and commercial real estate, too. Photos (Photographs Bydamon Winter/the New York Times; Justin Sullivan/Getty; Jeff Chiu/Ap; David Ryder/Bloomberg/Getty; David Paul Morris/Bloomberg/Getty; Brian Snyder/ Reuters; Mike Blake/Reuters; Brent Lewin/Bloomberg/Getty; Andrew Kelly/Reuters; Paul Morigi/Getty for Fortune; Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Ap; Joshua Roberts/Reuters) (F1); Andrew Ross Sorkin, Left, Speaking with Brian Krzanich, C.E.O. Of Intel, at the New York Times Dealbook Conference. ( Those industries contribute heavily to Chinese emissions of greenhouse gases. But are foreign investors ready to dive in? The answer appears to be a qualified yes. Currently this is giving a 5 to 8 per cent yield in renminbi. They would barely notice a 1 percent tax, but it could make a better world. Past Misconduct Cases Show a Leader Willing to Take a Tough Line : The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, who has pushed out Republican offenders in the past, views salacious episodes as a threat to the Senate and to the party’s reputation.', '2017-11-15': 'Australians Joyously Celebrate ‘Yes’ Vote For Same-Sex Marriage : The photos tell the story of the reactions to the nationwide poll.: Energy companies led U.S. stocks modestly lower Tuesday, erasing the small gains the market made a day earlier. The biggest drop in crude oil prices since October weighed on oil producers and other energy stocks. Now investors are waiting and watching to see what shape this tax reduction bill is going to take." That\'s the biggest single-day decline since October. Other big retailers failed to impress traders. The dollar fell to 113.40 yen from 113.57 yen on Monday. Shares in Taiwan and Southeast Asia were mostly higher. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( The report ranked countries on a 100-point scale based on three broad categories: obstacles to access, limits on content and violations of user rights. In the past, a big technology sale to China might have triggered outrage in Japan but one Tokyo-based analyst said on Tuesday that the move was “unlikely to raise many eyebrows”. @ Many scientists say emissions should peak by about 2020 to have any hope of preventing dangerous levels of warming this century. But analysts are skeptical about its prospects.', '2017-11-16': 'As Insurance Premiums Soar, Customers Blame Political Forces : In Virginia, premiums on policies sold under the Affordable Care Act are pushing health coverage out of reach, and customers see political forces at work. But first, they must rehabilitate their star witness. A war is being waged against the central banks. But complaints are also made against negative interest rates and even just low rates. But some of the possibilities would be un\xadpopular, perhaps so unpopular as to be politically infeasible. Sometimes a few fractions of one percentage point make all the difference. @ It spun off two of its units, China Literature and search engine Sougo, both of which priced at the top end of the range. Now industry experts are voicing concerns that this will hit profits — and that some carmakers may not survive. @ “ But he stopped short of predicting a glut. “ The rules won’t be enforced until 2020. @ Banks and phone companies eked out modest gains. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. (', '2017-11-17': 'GOP Senator Loses His Cool When Confronted About Tax Cuts For The Rich : “I come from the poor people and I’ve been here working my whole stinkin’ career for people who don’t have a chance,” Orrin Hatch said. With central government curbing direct borrowing, local government has resorted to land sales. Fitch says defaults are “becoming more likely”. The British-Canadian initiative was supported by countries including France, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, Finland, Portugal and New Zealand, as well as the US state of Washington and Canadian provinces such as Ontario and Alberta. @ A decade ago, even just a few years ago in many cities, it was hard to know where to go to find a wonderful cup of coffee. It didn\'t matter if a woman was a low-level aide or senior executive. It seems I\'ve not been successful in that goal, and I will do better. " No individual should feel less than safe and comfortable in their workplace. " It\'s time to change the culture and it must start at the top. Tax ‘Reform’: Have Americans Finally Wised Up? : This post first appeared at BillMoyers.com. Stocks in the United States closed sharply higher Thursday, snapping a two-day losing streak. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Freddie Mac Yields: Average for Some Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. Securities. (', '2017-11-18': "The Political World Is Still Failing To #BelieveWomen : The political climate, with all its polarization, isn't trending toward the sort of systemic change that women who have been victimized are hoping to effect. Animal Welfare Groups Slam Proposal To Speed Up Poultry Plant Lines : The National Chicken Council says speeding up processing won't hurt birds. In Minnesota, Outrage And Sorrow for Senator Seen as a Liberal Leader : Minnesotans reeled over the news that their senator had become the latest politician accused of mistreating women, though many stopped short of calling for his resignation. Big Projects,  And an Array  Of Obstacles  To Match : The president is pushing for repairs to the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, and he has promised to streamline government approvals. North Korea Greets Envoy From China : President Xi Jinping’s special envoy met with North Korean officials in Pyongyang as Washington presses China to rein in its neighbor’s nuclear weapons and missile programs.", '2017-11-19': "The Political World Is Still Failing To #BelieveWomen : The political climate, with all its polarization, isn't trending toward the sort of systemic change that women who have been victimized are hoping to effect. Animal Welfare Groups Slam Proposal To Speed Up Poultry Plant Lines : The National Chicken Council says speeding up processing won't hurt birds. In Minnesota, Outrage And Sorrow for Senator Seen as a Liberal Leader : Minnesotans reeled over the news that their senator had become the latest politician accused of mistreating women, though many stopped short of calling for his resignation. Big Projects,  And an Array  Of Obstacles  To Match : The president is pushing for repairs to the nation’s crumbling infrastructure, and he has promised to streamline government approvals. North Korea Greets Envoy From China : President Xi Jinping’s special envoy met with North Korean officials in Pyongyang as Washington presses China to rein in its neighbor’s nuclear weapons and missile programs.", '2017-11-20': 'Donald Trump’s tour of Asia — his most significant exercise in foreign policy since taking office — provided, in many ways, a snapshot of his presidency. Like the curate’s egg, his diplomatic foray was good in parts. The underlying aims of the trip were threefold. Third, to advance his transactional, zero sum view of economic relations, favouring bilateral dealmaking over multilateral trade agreements. @ Solid design and low prices helped China’s Transsion Holdings overtake Samsung this year to become the number one smartphone company by sales in Africa, and now it is making inroads into India. @ But it does show how much the far right has changed German politics. It focuses on mortgages and refinancing, credit cards and limit increases, and auto loans. While the average probability of respondents needing $2,000 for an unexpected expense in the next month rose to 33 percent, from 32 percent previously, the probability of being able to come up with the funds also rose to nearly 70 percent, from 67 percent. The Fed releases minutes of its last meeting. It is better not to govern than to govern badly. There was no question that I should face personal consequences," she said. CNN\'s Nadine Schmidt, Stephanie Halasz and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report.', '2017-11-21': 'Warning Signs Shadow Bitfinex, a Bitcoin Exchange With a Dodgy Record : On some days, Bitfinex claims to be doing more trades than some stock exchanges. But it has lost millions in two hackings and has no government oversight.: Stocks rose on Monday as a mix of smaller United States-focused businesses, technology companies and banks climbed. Drug makers struggled, which limited those gains. We\'ve got developed markets working, and we\'ve got emerging markets working," he said. " The euro slipped to $1.1728 from $1.1793. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( In the aftermath, it fired its top security executive. The year-ago period included $462 million of noncash pretax charges. Lumber, appliances and plumbing and electrical materials were top sellers. " The move may signal larger ambitions in the American market. In the event Japanese households have reduced their savings close to zero. The US is designating North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism.', '2017-11-22': '\'Zero Hope For Denuclearizing North Korea,\' China Expert Says : Trump\'s designation of North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism "could greatly undermine" a diplomatic solution. Others worry about liability, hiring delays and more room for racial bias. Russia Wanted Trump As President And It Got Him. He now says he will stay in his post to allow for political dialogue. To de-slime the tracks, a team of Metro-North workers uses a rail-washing train to blast away the goo. Apple has removed hundreds of apps from its download store in China this year at the government’s request, the iPhone maker said on Tuesday, as it emerged that Skype was the latest US communications service to be caught up in Beijing’s internet crackdown. @ It was the first time we were really part of the world. Everyone was supporting our budding entrepreneurs”, he says. “ But Mr Sharma was not among the aspiring cubs. He wanted long term money and he wanted Chinese money because he thought China was a more relevant business model than anywhere else. @ Under President Putin, Russia has lost friends, was sucked into wars and been hit with economic sanctions. But, in the Merkel era, Germany has grown steadily in prosperity and political influence. But they warn that political miscalculations over the hardest remaining issues could easily derail plans. Many of its European staff now feel betrayed. But nationalist passions are once again on the rise. The president’s company has negotiated a departure.', '2017-11-23': 'After 39 Years in Custody, An Innocent Man Goes Free : Based on new evidence, the governor of California pardoned Craig R. Coley, 70, who was found guilty of murdering an ex-girlfriend and her son in 1978.As Facebook Settles In, Residents Move Out : Wherever Mark Zuckerberg goes in Silicon Valley, he seems to generate a housing problem, including at an R.V. community where residents were evicted this month. These so-called \'artists\' are anything but that," Moeller said in the video. Editor\'s note: A previous version of this story incorrectly converted euros to dollars. He\'ll need plenty of that in the days and weeks ahead. In the aftermath of the Second World War, the previously powerful role of President became largely ceremonial. That\'s about one exercise every two days. And the tempo of operations isn\'t slowing. Those ships included the Fitzgerald, John S McCain and Shiloh. In an article published earlier this month by Stars and Stripes, Capt. It has brought Donald Trump to the presidency. His failure might bring someone more dangerous, more determined, to power. For Congress to move so quickly on a ginormous tax policy like this that has extremely far-reaching impact is just crazy." Trump\'s Mar-a-Lago ThanksgivingPresident Donald Trump is celebrating his first Thanksgiving in office at his Florida residence. Here\'s what\'s streaming on all your favorite services for some inspiration.', '2017-11-24': 'Militants Attack Mosque in Egypt, Leaving 235 Dead : The assault, in an area racked by an Islamist insurgency, sent shock waves across the nation — not only for the death toll but also for the choice of target. After years of unmet promises, the campaign has achieved significant success this year. Everyone knows that firms are also very smart. They will evade regulations or say they are meeting them but continue with normal operations,” said Mr Gao. “ There should be fewer excuses therefore for unethical behaviour. @ Yet big companies continue running into trouble. On Wednesday, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng closed above 30,000, a level last breached in 2007. Rallies based on over-concentration and shrinking liquidity tend to falter. There seems little prospect of the latter in Hong Kong. China openly plans to dominate artificial intelligence by 2030. Mr Trump appears too busy tweeting to have noticed. @ But the trend lines are stark for those who care to look. They\'re going to do what\'s in their best interest." Photograph by Scott Olson/Getty Images); a Demonstration Last Week in Washington That Was Organized by Groups That Included the Communications Workers of America. (', '2017-11-25': 'Privacy Ruling in India Has Activists Picturing A Gay Rights Victory : A Supreme Court decision that citizens have a constitutional right to privacy is seen as a crucial advance in the fight against a law criminalizing sex between men. NEW YORK -- U.S. stocks set more records in quiet post-holiday trading on Friday as technology companies again did much of the heavy lifting. The online titan Amazon made an even bigger gain. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 2 cents to $1.79 a gallon. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The central bank has been replenishing its reserves of hard currency. Other economic indicators have been trending in the same direction. The country certainly faces challenges, Mr. Osakovsky and other analysts say. But, he added, "the cost of saving these banks is growing." ANDREW E. KRAMER Follow Andrew E. Kramer on Twitter: @AndrewKramerNYT. Oil Tanks in the Town of Nakhodka, Russia. It represents an aspirational amount of wealth to some, financial security to others or a milestone on the way to greater savings still. It\'s not getting started soon enough and not making it a habit." It probably traces back to uneven income levels.', '2017-11-26': 'Ethnic Purge Elevates Myanmar’s Other Leader : Senior Gen. Min Aung Hlaing’s campaign to drive out Muslims, which is widely approved of by Myanmar’s Buddhist majority, may help lead him to the presidency. Surge in Initial Coin Offerings Alarms a Former S.E.C. Regulator : Joseph Grundfest, now a law professor, called funding efforts using virtual currency the most “notorious violation of federal securities laws since the Code of Hammurabi. ” Puerto Rico\'s Farmers Face A Long Road To Recovery Post-Hurricane Maria : The island lost 80 percent of its crop value to the storm -- and it could take anywhere from 10 months to a year to get production levels back again. Theresa May warned to change course over Brexit and Irish border - CNN : Theresa May warned to change course over Brexit and Irish border : London (CNN)British Prime Minister Theresa May has been warned that Ireland will "play tough to the end" over its threat to delay Brexit talks should no solution be found to the Northern Ireland border issue. Phil Hogan, Ireland\'s EU commissioner, has urged May to change course and instead ensure that Northern Ireland and Ireland avoid such a scenario. EU Commissioner of Agriculture & Rural Development Phil Hogan has warned Theresa May over Brexit. I continue to be amazed at the blind faith that some in London place in theoretical future free trade agreements. At present, the "soft" border with the neighboring Republic of Ireland facilitates trade and the movement of people.', '2017-11-27': "Railway Work in Israel on the Sabbath Threatens to Unravel Netanyahu’s Coalition : A resurgence of Israel’s so-called Sabbath wars leads an ultra-Orthodox minister to quit on his rabbi’s orders, putting pressure on others in Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s cabinet. The Downside Of Business Travel: It Makes Us Sicker : Though the image of the glamorous business traveler persists, doctors say that frequent travelers report a negative toll on their bodies, and that more research is needed. Donald Trump Seems To Be Getting A Little Defensive About All His Golfing : Those tweets about Obama's golf habit aren't aging very well. Walmart is using it to track Chinese pork. AP Moller-Maersk is applying it to marine insurance. Banks hope it will simplify cross-border trade finance. We will pursue it until it disappears completely from the surface of the earth. ” In recent months, regulators in China have also raised concerns over the level of leverage accrued by HNA and other aggressive corporate acquirers. Horst Seehofer, head of the Christian Social Union (CSU), the Bavarian sister party of Ms Merkel’s Christian Democrats (CDU), told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper that a grand coalition of the centre-left and centre-right was “the best option for Germany”. @", '2017-11-28': 'The Far Right Might Become Germany\'s Main Opposition Party : As Chancellor Angela Merkel looks to form a government, the anti-Islam AfD stands to gain. Or as one trending comment on the Reddit social network put it: "This is officially madness. I am going to prepare myself for a large correction." What\'s more, the Bitcoin ecosystem is now more distributed around the world, with less reliance on a single company like Mt. Gox, which collapsed three years ago. We will take care of it," the President said. The figures tallied with estimates released by Japan and South Korea. "" Another image from Rodong Sinmun said to be of the latest missile launch. But he added a lightly veiled warning about limited US patience. " JUST WATCHEDGraham warns of war with North KoreaReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHGraham warns of war with North Korea 01:42Sen. CNN\'s Barbara Starr in Washington, CNN\'s Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo, CNN\'s Vasco Cotovio in London and CNN\'s Richard Roth in New York contributed to this report. In a sluggish trading on Wall Street, stocks edged mostly lower on Monday as investors came back from the Thanksgiving holiday. The Nasdaq composite index fell 10.64 points, or 0.2 percent, to 6,878.52. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2017-11-29': 'Egyptian Says U.A.E. Is Keeping Him From a Presidential Bid : Ahmed Shafik, who narrowly lost the 2012 election, released a video accusing the United Arab Emirates of preventing him from leaving the country to campaign again for the presidency. Banks led a broad rally in U.S. stocks Tuesday, lifting the market to a milestone-shattering finish. His testimony gave the market a lot of confidence." The latest corporate deal news also moved the market. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( When last did a nation collapse under the unbearable weight of its prosperity? Wages are high, unemployment is low and the government is awash with cash. Crisis, Germans are asking, what crisis? @ The country has turned inward as well as rightward. If they want to succeed, they should jolly well behave more like, well, Germany. Inventories have now fallen for 27 consecutive months. @ Drilling advocates have cause for optimism.', '2017-11-30': 'Loose Credit, Rust Belt Woes Lead To Foreclosure Uptick : In a worrisome signal for a hot heartland housing market, many midsize cities saw a bump in foreclosure starts in the thirdExperts Are Really, Really Worried About The State Of The 2020 Census : The Census Bureau faces budget shortfalls and is cutting back on testing. The memo called the weapons "an effective and necessary capability. The new policy was first reported by Reuters. Chinese regulators last week suspended issuance of licences for new online lenders. What they brought us was exactly what we were missing," Mr. Ammann said. But during a reporter\'s ride, no driver intervention was required. Dan Ammann, Left, General Motors\' President, and Kyle Vogt, Chief Executive of Cruise Automation, with Cars From Their Test Fleet.; Shares in several chipmakers also slumped. That would be the fastest rate in three years. We\'ve had some pretty decent economic news," said CFRA Investment Strategist Lindsey Bell. The company had a disappointing third quarter and gave a weak forecast. Heating oil shed 3 cents to $1.92 a gallon. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Waiting for That Analysis  From the Treasury Dept.?', '2017-12-01': 'Defiance From Tillerson, Support From President : Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has been dogged for months by rumors he would resign but said any White House plan for him to resign was “laughable. ” But she found that taking a big pay cut would qualify them for subsidies. A fight over one lot in Berkeley, Calif., shows how tough that could be. The batteries pose a fire risk in the cargo hold. We asked two economists, one from each side, to make their cases. Today, millions of people are hungry again. The deal was set to expire in March if an extension had not been reached on Thursday. @ With a dominant share of more than half of China’s fast-growing $5.5tn mobile payments market, this spin-off from the Alibaba ecommerce group has raised more funding than any rival and is valued at over $70bn — more than most banks. @ Jobs have grown for 85 straight months, you have growth in corporate earnings, and you have tax cuts." Retailers posted promising results as the holiday shopping season kicked into gear. I think it\'s quite pivotal right now," he said. " These milestones, of course, are arbitrary. The relationship between risk and reward has broken down." This year, he has not seen a single one. " Now they are giddy bulls -- how could they not be?" People Outside the New York Stock Exchange. Trump To Move U.S. Embassy In Israel To Jerusalem.', '2017-12-02': 'Arab, Turkish, And Iranian Opinions On Regional Conflicts : Most Arabs have little confidence in the Trump Administration\'s ability to solve the Israeli/Palestinian conflict and many: There is no disagreement that changes to the tax code should promote economic growth, fuel job creation and increase incomes. There is also substantial disagreement about who would ultimately gain. Their responses were condensed and edited. Companies have historically high levels of after-tax profits. For companies to seek new investment, they need a healthy middle class. WAGES Can Americans expect to see benefits in their paychecks?The GOP Tax Plan is A Major Assault in Their War Against Social Security, Medicare And Medicaid : Republican senators have just voted for their version of the Trump tax scam legislation, a huge giveaway to the super-wealthy: Some of President Trump\'s least controversial tweets involve him boasting about the stock market. Confidence and enthusiasm abound," he wrote. " But politically -- we\'re in a political recession. People have difficulty squaring the two." That\'s a pretty good recipe for equity investors." So what could end the stock market\'s run? I\'ll bet you won\'t find that answer in a tweet. The Market has Risen Significantly Since. ( Photograph by Justin Lane/European Pressphoto Agency) (B2)For Party Needing a Win, Will This Be It? :', '2017-12-03': 'In Deep-Red Alabama, Little Gray Area for Voters : The Democratic nominee, Doug Jones, is widely admired. But in his race against Roy Moore, many voters say they are struggling to get past his party affiliation. Buying Aetna, CVS Envisions A Shift in Care : The deal would combine CVS’s pharmacy and clinic business with a giant insurance company. The combination could lead to lower prices — or fewer choices — for consumers. But the outlook from the executive suite is not so clear.: The bill would add $1 trillion to deficits over the coming decade. I\'m not sure if that is a loophole or the intent of the legislation." Not all types of income would be eligible for the newly reduced rate. Short-term capital gains, dividends, interest and annuity payments, for example, are excluded. This is a working definition of a tax boondoggle." The provision is dear to many businesses. " Oops," said Mr. Looney of the Brookings Institution. " That\'s an easy mistake to make on a first pass, but which you\'d catch if you had more time." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: JESSE DRUCKER and PATRICIA COHEN; Clifford Krauss contributed reporting. But it will be talks in this week that could have far-reaching implications, not just for May, but the nation as well. Negotiations between the European Union and the UK thus far have been frustratingly slow.', '2017-12-04': "DeVos Department Meeting Again Stalls Over Opposition To Livestreaming : Last month the Department of Education’s first meeting on rewriting the Obama “borrower defense” rule for student loans stalledLA Times Takes Major Step Forward In Campaign To Unionize : The paper's guild has filed for an election with the National Labor Relations Board. Republican Leaders Say Helping Dreamers Isn't An Emergency. Latest Stumbling Block in the Brexit Talks: The Irish Border : A Northern Irish party scuppered a deal Prime Minister Theresa May had reached with the E.U., denying her a much-needed breakthrough in the stalled talks. On the face of it, this is good for everyone, including Europe. But, given the scale and nature of Chinese investment, what looks like good business could in fact bring our open market system to breaking point. Initially, Chinese investment was much needed. The financial crisis left Europe with an estimated €330bn-investment gap. The US has 44,000 charging outlets and 16,000 electric stations. However, range anxiety is the most frequently cited fear among consumers when considering purchasing electric vehicles. Even in Shanghai, [there are] still a lot of difficulties to find a charging station. It’s definitely tight right now,” said Zhou Xizhou, managing director for Asia gas and power at IHS Markit. @ It will set the course for how they deal with it in the future.” @ Follow Lucy Hornby on Twitter: HornbyLucy", '2017-12-05': 'An uncertain, but not hopeless, Congo : Congo has a long journey to recovery ahead of it, but with the right combination of business, social and political services there is now optimism for a country that once seemed to have lost any. It is not a significant boost,” he said. @ Politically, there is no doubt that the passage of the package is opportune. The IMF\xa0warned in August of China’s “dangerous” pace of overall debt growth, with corporate debt the biggest contributor. The campaign against zombie enterprises and overcapacity is a sector-specific campaign. Zombie and overcapacity companies crowd out access to credit, labour and other inputs for better-performing companies, dragging down overall productivity. The stock market, I think, is going to have a very big day, based on the massive tax cuts that we’re very much in the process of getting approved,” he tweeted before the \xadmarket opened. This week, industry leaders from around the world gather for the World Internet Conference in Wuzhen, China. This in itself is a new development of considerable geopolitical importance. It will require more open-minded interactions from other players on the world stage. Why Atlanta Could Elect Its First White Mayor In 4 Decades : Gentrification and frustration with the outgoing mayor have put the city in play for independent Mary Norwood.', '2017-12-06': 'Volkswagen Executive Gets Max Sentence Of 7 Years For Role In Emissions Scandal : “This crime ... attacks and destroys the very foundation of our economic system,” the judge said. Now it seems to be taking a renewed interest.: After a frenzy of congressional action to rewrite the tax code, salesclerks and chief executives are calculating their gains. It\'s hard to imagine what they might have asked for that they don\'t have." More important is the way they are taxed. Under the Senate provision, it would drop to 29.6 percent. ( That\'s a big savings, and a big advantage. PATRICIA COHEN and JESSE DRUCKER Follow Patricia Cohen and Jesse Drucker on Twitter: @PatcohenNYT and @JesseDrucker. Trusts Would Get New Benefits Under the Tax Bill. ( Three countries — Britain, Australia and Japan — exemplify the problem. All three pride themselves on their close relationships with the US. He singled out China as the place where the next financial collapse would occur. Nevertheless, this measure has proved to be misleading. How is this negative correlation explained? Moving the US embassy is a project that will take years, the officials added, saying that it would be part of the state department’s task to find a site. They also overwhelmingly believe God gave Israel to the Jews.', '2017-12-07': 'Jerusalem Is Just The Latest Example Of Trump\'s Nonsensical Foreign Policy : The president\'s "America first" moves continue to provoke widespread backlash. But even those modest movements could count as notable in a year that\'s been unusually calm and easy for investors. It was the fourth straight loss for the index, the first time that has happened since March. So I wouldn\'t at all discount a little bit of a correction here of 2 or 3 percent." Treasury yields sank as prices for government bonds rose. In markets overseas, Asian stocks slumped. Germany\'s DAX dropped 0.4 percent, and France\'s CAC 40 ended little changed. China and India are setting the global pace. Not one is forecast to contract in 2017, 2018 or 2019. @ A part of such debt has been contracted in order to buy back shares and so raise their prices. This might generate a second wave of crises. One reason for believing this will not happen is the switch from bank lending to corporate bonds. T he transformation will not happen overnight. The Chinese government has relented on a policy that prevents citizens from burning coal to heat homes in China’s north, as cold weather and increased demand has driven up gas prices. @ But the United States is moving in the other direction. Are Lengthy Subway Station Closings Worth It? Some riders and local businesses say the closures will do more harm than good.', '2017-12-08': 'News today: Wildfires, jobs report, Brexit, Alabama Senate race - CNN : Quickly catch up on the day\'s news: Friday, December 8 : (CNN)Here\'s what you might have missed on CNN today:Wildfires continue ravaging CaliforniaSix large wildfires have scorched nearly 160,000 acres in California this week and forced 190,000 people out of their homes. President Trump will speak at a rally Friday night just 25 miles from the Alabama border. Irish border: The Irish question proved the toughest to resolve. Traffic crosses the border into Northern Ireland from the Irish Republic near Dundalk. President @JunckerEU welcomes Prime Minister @theresa_may. No barrier north-south or east-west," she said. CNN\'s Marilia Brocchetto contributed reporting. People are looking at a video game as a regular market. It’s beyond abnormal, it’s unprecedented. Every other commodity has natural sellers. Its chief executive is 38 years old and looks like a nightclub DJ. But physical retailers are finding ways to survive and thrive. @ The discounts online are not really that great . But it has not been easy going for all retailers. Shopping malls are becoming theme parks . Martin Schulz told a party conference in Berlin yesterday that he wanted EU member states to agree a new “constitutional treaty” to establish a federal union and that countries that did not sign up would have to leave the bloc. @ “ When victory is more important than values democracy suffers.', '2017-12-09': 'Climate Science On Trial Again : Kids across America would be smart to send their good vibes to California this weekend. More North Korean Missile Tests, More Meaningless Western Posturing : North Korea conducted its highest missile test yet. The economy\'s vital signs are stronger than they have been in years. Companies are posting jobs faster than they can find workers to fill them. The stock market sets records seemingly every month. Companies really want to take advantage of the economy, so they want to hire and get while the getting\'s good." But over all, wage growth remains restrained. Other measures of earnings, for example, show faster growth. Companies are feeling more pressure to raise pay. The Fed is all but certain to raise interest rates at its meeting next week, and has signaled plans to do so three times next year as well. That requires a fairly substantial adjustment to markets." BEN CASSELMAN Follow Ben Casselman on Twitter: @bencasselman. United Parcel Service Workers Sorting Packages for Delivery. E-Commerce Is Fueling Jobs at Warehouses and Delivery Companies. ( Investors are hoping for a smooth exit that does not disrupt global trade. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2017-12-10': 'Here\'s How Many Billions America\'s Richest Would Save On Estate Tax Repeal : Trump family would also make out like bandits. Pedestrians cross the Millennium Bridge in central London. This is an update to extend the warning area as far south as Gloucestershire, Wiltshire, Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire and Essex. " But in the tax code envisioned by Republicans, the amount you make may be less important than how you make it. Consider two chefs working side by side for the same catering company, doing the same job, for the same hours and the same money. The only difference is that one is an employee, the other an independent contractor. The proposals\' impact rises steeply as paychecks grow. Corporations and other types of businesses get the biggest cuts. A graph of the rate increase looks as if a skyscraper were plopped in the middle of an open field. The proposed classification system is unusual. Tax codes are as much about values as they are about accounting. That\'s what more than 80 percent of working Americans get. "', '2017-12-11': 'Judge Warns Paul Manafort About Ghostwriting Op-Eds And Talking To The Media : The warning comes after special counsel Robert Mueller\'s office alleged the former Trump campaign manager helped write an op-ed defending his overseas work. Uber Charges Passenger Over $14,000 For 5-Mile Ride Across Toronto : This brings new meaning to the term "driving up the price. " Now the authorities are telling them to leave. From a potential economic slowdown to a clampdown on debt, analysts are pointing to clouds forming on China’s horizon. @ Many of the refinanced loans are not labelled as green. @ The opening of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange followed in July 1991. @ But whether that environment will propel another year of strong gains for EM assets is another question. When the dollar appreciates against EM currencies, funds tend to flow out of EM assets and gravitate towards their dollar-denominated counterparts. @ Chief among these during 2017 has been a strong corporate earnings picture. In terms of industry sector, earnings are expected to be strongest in consumer discretionary, healthcare and information technology. Coal remains dominant  what has changed is the volumes involved. In 1990, China used some 446m tonnes of coal.', '2017-12-12': 'Alabama Voters To Decide Whether Accused Child Molester Becomes Their Senator : Will Republican Roy Moore eke out a win in Tuesday\'s special election?PolitiFact\'s Lie Of The Year: Donald Trump And \'This Russia Thing\' : "When the nation’s commander-in-chief refuses to acknowledge a threat to U.S. democracy, it makes it all the more difficult to address the problem," the fact-checking organization said. Moore, however, refused to concede Tuesday night. " Read More"I am truly overwhelmed," he added. " This entire race has been about dignity and respect. How badly did the sexual allegations damage Moore? Exit polls were virtually split as to whether voters believed the allegations: 51% said they were probably or definitely true while 44% said they were probably or definitely false. RELATED: Where Republican senators stand on Roy MooreJUST WATCHEDDad who lost gay daughter protests Moore rallyReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHDad who lost gay daughter protests Moore rally 01:31CNN\'s Sophie Tatum contributed to this report.: Technology companies led stocks modestly higher on Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index and the Dow Jones industrial average finished at new highs. Economists expect the central bank to lift short-term rates by 0.25 percent. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. That could subject outbound US investments to heretofore unseen scrutiny. You would be making a loss on every deal.” @', '2017-12-13': 'Yellen says high stock market value does not mean it\'s overvalued : Fed Chair Janet Yellen said current high stock market valuations do not mean the market is overvalued or that a sell-off would pose much risk to the economy or financial system. And the fact that those valuations are high doesn\'t mean that they are necessarily overvalued. We are enjoying solid economic growth with low inflation. Rock bottom is no impediment for a president who can always find room for a new low. The USA Today editorial didn\'t buy that explanation. " It wasn\'t so much an endorsement of Hillary Clinton as it was an anti-endorsement of Trump. Does Moore’s Loss Mean A Reckoning For Trump? May lost by a close margin of 309-305 votes. Three days later the North Koreans were at the table talking. ” What happens next in the global energy market depends to a disturbing degree on China. Those people are now consumers of commercial energy supplies. The problem is that we cannot yet know how or when that change will come. @ Consider three different, entirely plausible, possibilities. @ Anyone who thinks that should consider what has happened in the US over the past decade. Closing thousands of mines and industrial operations could become impossible. Would that not make the problems of urban air quality worse?', '2017-12-14': 'Cards Against Humanity Tackles Wealth Inequality, Sends Money To Poor : The card game company set out to help 100 people by giving them $1,000 each. But, if some commentators are to be believed, we have not seen anything yet. @ At just 1.86 per cent of the market, this is a smaller share (of an admittedly fast-growing market) than in early 2015. @ @ “ Some foreign banks were granted access to the onshore interbank bond market in 2010. They want to see that the infrastructure that is in place is perfectly usable and is being used.” Developed countries don’t have these kinds of guaranteed products. But we need more time for the transition.” @ Two sources confirmed to the FT the document accurately summarised the meeting. The PBoC and the China Banking Regulatory Commission did not respond to requests for comment. The Republicans are hoping to vote on the legislation next week. The latest rate increase could make using plastic slightly pricier. Unlike homeowners and other borrowers, cardholders are immediately affected by an increase. Automakers and dealers are accustomed to dangling hefty incentives that they sweeten during downturns and the holidays. She said they expected the bill to provide "a modest lift." The Fed and Congress are moving in opposite directions. You\'ve got the Fed tightening, but you\'ve got global policy loosening." Ms. Yellen played down such concerns on Wednesday. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum.', '2017-12-15': 'Skepticism as U.S. Accuses Iran of U.N. Arms Violation : American officials showcased weapons thought to be used by Iran-backed rebels in Yemen but failed to show how they proved Iran violated an international agreement. Why has its monetary policy become so extreme? This does not mean its situation is disastrous. That is a commitment to future irresponsibility. Demographic factors, such as the shrinking labour force, permit China’s economy to grow more slowly without a corresponding rise in unemployment. @ Adding to this foggy outlook are questions about monetary policy. A robust upswing has become established.” Mr Trump also thanked Mr Putin for “acknowledging Americas [sic] strong economic performance in his annual press conference. ” Tax Cut, With Faster Growth and Higher Wages? FRANKFURT -- A lot is happening in the world of central banks. And the Bank of England is also in rate-raising mode. But there were lots of questions about what will be coming in the New Year. That compares to their estimate in September of 1.8 percent. JACK EWING Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT. Mario Draghi, the President of the European Central Bank. It\'s not up to us to decide what the British have to do. Thank you to Presidents @JunckerEU and @donaldtusk. "', '2017-12-16': "Puerto Rico’s Next Crisis: Foreclosures : The island has been hammered by a financial crisis and a hurricane. Now, tens of thousands of people are at risk of losing their homes to foreclosure. Ex-Celebrity Apprentice Exits White House, if Not Spotlight : As the spectacle surrounding Ms. Newman’s departure promises to carry over into the Trump administration’s second year, her telegenic antics have not been entertaining to several West Wing aides. Brexodus’ of Workers Has British Employers Scrambling to Fill Jobs : Britain’s plan to leave the European Union has prompted thousands of Europeans to return to the Continent, forcing British employers to compete for a diminishing pool of workers. Nevada Democrat Won’t Run Again : Representative Ruben Kihuen denied the accusations, but said they would be a distraction in a re-election campaign. He is the fifth member of Congress to step aside in two weeks. Democrats in Alabama Savor a Rare Victory. The 'Trump Effect': Positive Attitudes Toward Arabs And Muslims Are Up; So Is Hate : Are anti-Arab and anti-Muslim sentiments on the rise in the US? And what are the best ways to combat them? Puerto Rico’s Next Crisis: Foreclosures : The island has been hammered by a financial crisis and a hurricane.", '2017-12-17': "Power Failure at Atlanta Airport Leads to Widespread Travel Disruptions : More than 1,150 flights into or out of Atlanta were canceled, and passengers were left in the dark at the world’s busiest airport for passenger traffic. A New Breed Drives a Deal-Making Frenzy at Chip Firms : The industry is now dominated by an aggressive set of chief executives who are quicker to push big acquisitions, slash costs and drive up profits. Disputes Delay Voting to Pick South African Leader : South African officials said 400 delegates had been disqualified. The results on a successor to President Jacob Zuma as party leader were expected on Monday. Friction Rises Between Mueller’s Team and Some Trump Lawyers : President Trump’s lawyers and supporters have significantly increased their attacks on the special counsel as the investigation has reached deeper into the president’s inner circle. Relief, Bitterness And Frustration: Another Year Of Obamacare Enrollment : Shopping for health insurance has always been a pain. Obamacare's problems and Trump's sabotage made it worse this year. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Says He Now Backs Same-Sex Marriage : The move may displease some in the mainly Roman Catholic country. The GOP Tax Scam Makes The Super-Rich, Richer, Widening The Wealth Gap Even More : The hypocrisy of some prominent politicians helps explain why the public holds all of them in such low repute.", '2017-12-18': 'The Tax Cut And The Fake Trump Boom : While the economic boom looks pretty good now, it won’t look so great by November 2018.New Deduction Expected To Benefit GOP Leaders Was Needed For Votes: Cornyn : Cornyn conceded that if the Democrats had participated in negotiating the measure, “we probably could have made it better. However — in a development that some say will hurt and others think might help the world’s second-biggest economy — some may not stay in business at all. @ Instead, they would rather work for themselves or in fashionable industries such as banking, investment and technology. @ “ The information received from the CIA was enough to locate and detain the criminals,” it said. That represents a 55 per cent premium over the closing price of the shares on Friday. @ Conservative Group Gives Gardner \'Enema Of The State\' Award : U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner (R-CO) has been taking it pretty hard from all Coloradans, judging from his low approval ratings, andRussia-Backed RT Launches French-Language Channel Despite Criticism : The state-funded network has been criticized as an organ of "influence and propaganda" by France\'s president. Read MoreTolu was facing up to 15 years in prison if convicted. This is not the end of the process, but a big first step has been taken. "\' More Germans, such as Deniz Yücel, remain in Turkish custody.', '2017-12-19': 'The capital city of one of China’s southern provinces has been forced to suspend heating at all government buildings as well as some hotels and shopping centres, according to local media, as Beijing diverts natural gas supplies to the country’s northern reaches in the face of a botched effort to cut down on coal use. @ Alexandra Galceran Latorre, right, with her boyfriend Ricard Ots. In 2014, when unemployment began to ease, so did support for independence. Whether we\'re Spain or not, nothing will change. " Other leaders included technology companies. The legislation is expected to be put to a vote in the House as early as Tuesday and in the Senate on Wednesday. You wouldn\'t see that level of optimism if they didn\'t think this was something that\'s going to benefit them." No other major industry would see its rate savings shrink so drastically. By 2027, that cut would shrink to less than 5 percent. Credit: JIM TANKERSLEY and BEN CASSELMAN; Jim Tankersley reported from Washington and Ben Casselman from New York. A View of the New York Stock Exchange and Wall Street. No one is sure what that will do to health care. A Better Ice Year For Churchill\'s Bears... But What Does It Mean? :', '2017-12-20': 'Urgency in G.O.P. Pushing Tax Bill to the Finish Line : The rushed timeline of the bill resulted from the failure of health care legislation over the summer — and a collective decision to block out bad news. It recommended that EU leaders invoke Article 7, a process that could eventually lead to Poland\'s voting rights being suspended. Current judiciary reform is deeply needed," he tweeted. The GOP Just Voted For A Bill Even Less Popular. : Now scientists are warning that snakes worldwide are at risk from a new fungal disease. There is a saying that scientists would rather share their toothbrushes than their data. Data are emerging among the most important assets of the 21st century economy. For now, Pacific Rim companies, from the west coast of the US and the east coast of China, outstrip the rest of the tech industry. The new US strategy is at odds with the conciliatory tone Mr Trump often strikes towards his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin. Trump Promised A Tax Cut Aimed At The Middle Class. The rich benefit the most, and after eight years, they will be the only ones benefiting.', '2017-12-21': 'Between 1980 and 2016, the top 1 per cent captured 28 per cent of the aggregate increase in real incomes in the US, Canada and western Europe, while the bottom 50 per cent captured just 9 per cent of it. But the latter has not happened to the same extent everywhere. With such a record of success, trade liberalisation, globalisation and openness has traditionally been a core ingredient of advice to rich and poor countries alike. The last funding values Didi at around $56bn, according to a person familiar with the matter. @ None of the material was deemed to be illegal. Green said at the time the allegations were "completely untrue. Reduced rates mean most Americans will start taking home more money right away. Some provisions of the bill were intended to be sharp and short. Either way, the deficit will continue to balloon. Over the last decade alone, the deficit has more than tripled. Photographs by M. Spencer Green/Associated Press; Matt Rourke/Associated Press) (A17)Is Apple Slowing Down Old iPhones? Read MoreBut Madrid\'s hopes were clearly dashed. Nonetheless, she gave a victory speech of her own. " A man leaves a voting booth after casting a ballot on Thursday in Tarragona. The GOP Won Its Tax Cut For The 1 Percent, But The Battle To Stop It Will Help Progressives Win The War : In the long', '2017-12-22': 'U.N. Security Council Imposes New Sanctions On North Korea : Tensions have been rising over North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs. Steelworkers thought they would see a new dawn for their industry. But the president’s pledge to do something has actually done more harm than good. Republicans Win, America Loses : Can You Believe? Can you believe Rep. Mimi Walters claiming she improved the GOP tax bill? Separating families who are fleeing gang violence is unconscionable. " Hope, you suspect, is welded to expectation. As the US turns inward, an enfeebled Europe will have to turn eastward. The autocrats, otherwise intelligent people mutter, have a point. They also both want to see peace in Syria, he said. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, second left, and UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, right, take part in talks Friday in Moscow. Whereas we prefer to discuss mutual concerns directly, not with mics in front of us, but face to face. " CNN\'s Mary Ilyushina reported from Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. Voters line up outside a polling station in Barcelona, Spain.', '2017-12-23': 'Few Americans Are Cheering The Repeal Of Net Neutrality : Opponents of the repeal feel far more strongly than its supporters. Democrats Are Attacking The GOP For Its Hypocrisy On Deficits. The argument could backfire, some progressive economists fear.: Ethereum, and lesser-known tokens like EOS and ZCash, fell even more sharply than Bitcoin. Bitcoin\'s dive left him feeling unmoored on Friday morning. " Recent developments indicate that this so-called currency is not a secure investment." The volatility appeared to cause some second thoughts for even sophisticated investors. This is not the first time that Bitcoin and other virtual currencies have been through a boom-and-bust cycle. Anyone who got in during those earlier run-ups is still easily in the money. Even with Friday\'s declines, those holdings are still worth more than $1 billion. Follow Nathaniel Popper and Tiffany Hsu on Twitter: @nathanielpopper and @tiffkhsu. Prices Plunged 30 Percent Friday in Less Than 24 Hours. Judge Orders Trump\'s Voter Fraud Panel To Hand Over Documents To Democratic Member : The decision was a loss for the commission, whose leader dismissed the suit as "baseless and paranoid. "', '2017-12-24': 'Few Americans Are Cheering The Repeal Of Net Neutrality : Opponents of the repeal feel far more strongly than its supporters. Democrats Are Attacking The GOP For Its Hypocrisy On Deficits. The argument could backfire, some progressive economists fear.: Ethereum, and lesser-known tokens like EOS and ZCash, fell even more sharply than Bitcoin. Bitcoin\'s dive left him feeling unmoored on Friday morning. " Recent developments indicate that this so-called currency is not a secure investment." The volatility appeared to cause some second thoughts for even sophisticated investors. This is not the first time that Bitcoin and other virtual currencies have been through a boom-and-bust cycle. Anyone who got in during those earlier run-ups is still easily in the money. Even with Friday\'s declines, those holdings are still worth more than $1 billion. Follow Nathaniel Popper and Tiffany Hsu on Twitter: @nathanielpopper and @tiffkhsu. Prices Plunged 30 Percent Friday in Less Than 24 Hours. Judge Orders Trump\'s Voter Fraud Panel To Hand Over Documents To Democratic Member : The decision was a loss for the commission, whose leader dismissed the suit as "baseless and paranoid. "', '2017-12-25': "Russia has denounced the Trump administration’s decision to provide new lethal weapons to the Ukrainian military, saying the US had “crossed the line” in the conflict and accusing Washington of fomenting bloodshed. @ It is not a mediator at all, it is an accomplice in fomenting a war. ” It clawed back some of its losses on Friday morning and Saturday to reach above $16,000 again, before slipping back just below the $14,000 mark on Sunday. As multinationals become more “multi”, they must file for a merger review in a growing list of jurisdictions. Don't Let Trump And His Rich Man's Tax Cut Steal The Credit : Donald Trump is good at certain things. ( Please take a deep breath and don’t throw your mouse or laptop at the wall.) Populism and power can make for uncomfortable bedfellows. The problems start when they actually win. The US president is running out of excuses. It is premature to read the rites over the electoral insurgency of the past few years. Far-right parties are winning significant vote shares across Europe. The Islamophobic Alternative for Germany now has seats in the Bundestag. In the event, they were mostly held at the gates. When the glass is half-full, it is worth saying so.", '2017-12-26': 'Orrin Hatch Trolls Utah Newspaper That Wants Him To Retire : The Salt Lake Tribune denounced Hatch’s “utter lack of integrity that rises from his unquenchable thirst for power. No, your computer is not about to take your job. But you should think twice before challenging it to a board game — even one it has not played before. The founder of Chinese technology conglomerate LeEco, which once sought to become both the Netflix and Tesla of China, has been ordered by authorities to return to the country within a week to deal with the group’s mounting financial problems. @ One member abstained, citing a possible conflict of interest. @ Nevertheless, huge upside potential remains. Less than 1 per cent of companies have 50 trucks or more in their fleets. Such huge efficiency gains can be achieved through digital means across industries. Potentially the biggest transformation could be in health care. Digital players also benefit from the fact that they enjoy such close links to hardware manufacturers. The government is backing digital strongly. Jonathan Woetzel is a senior partner of McKinsey & Company and a director of the McKinsey Global Institute based in Shanghai. A spokesman said the comment had been tongue-in-cheek.', '2017-12-27': 'North Korean Defectors Show Signs Of Possible Radiation Exposure : North Koreans who live near the country\'s nuclear test site appear to be paying a heavy price. \' The Office\' Star Jenna Fischer Apologizes For Getting Detail Of GOP Tax Bill Wrong : "I made a mistake and I want to correct it," she tweeted. The unemployment rate dropped 0.1 percentage points in November to 2.7 per cent, the lowest figure since December 1994 when Japan was descending into what had become known as its “lost decade”. @ At the time of writing one bitcoin was worth $15,707, according to Coindesk.com. To our chagrin, the shares more than doubled within a week. @ The bullishness reflects enthusiasm for Hong Kong-listed equities among mainland investors. @ It is easy to feel gloomy about the fate of London after Brexit. The capital is home to 13 per cent of the UK’s population but a third of its EU citizens. LeEco keeps telling us to give them some time. We have heard that line so many times that we have it memorised,” he says. @ Then he was warned not to organize a boycott of the election.', '2017-12-28': 'Despite Trump Administration Fearmongering, 2017 Is Among Safest Years Ever For Police : A closer look at the data calls into question the effort to politicize attacks on law enforcement. I will be an independent voice and work to find common ground with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get Washington back on track and fight to make our country a better place for all." I\'m glad the embassy is in Jerusalem by the way. " Jones defeated Moore in the special election to fill the Senate seat vacated when President Donald Trump appointed Alabama\'s own Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. Some of the allegations included saying Moore had sexually abused teenage girls. CNN\'s Dianne Gallagher, Aileen Graef and Jason Morris contributed to this report. This is probably an initial step towards something bigger,” says one person involved in the negotiations, who declined to be named. Contrary to popular myth, truckers do not pick up hitchhikers any longer. Most haulage companies forbid that practice. Cevian had ridden this investment far enough. Moreover, Volvo has come a long way since operating profits bottomed.', '2017-12-29': "Trump White House's Revolving Door Of Staff Changes Expected To Continue In The New Year : The Trump administration's high staff turnover has been unusual for modern presidencies. A Balkan Border Deal That the E.U.  Hoped Would Be a Model Collapses : Croatia refuses to recognize a ruling on its 26-year border dispute with Slovenia, leaving the bloc without a model for conflict resolution for other Western Balkan nations. 2018 is set to be the year they confront one another. Consumer prices 1.7 per cent in the year to November. Other gauges suggest inflationary pressures are much greater. Not that inflation is likely to reach double figures. This will not only create entirely new businesses, but also allow advertisers to reach you in ever more targeted ways (they’ll know not only where you are, but if your garden needs watering or if you are running out of milk). These codes can be shared, letting unknown parties use them to receive payment. Every year for a decade or more, there have been dire warnings that this — this! — Each was expected to pose a severe threat to trade. Each was much less damaging than feared. @ Very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea. Now, with the new console, it’s on a roll.", '2017-12-30': 'G.O.P.’s 2018 Resolution: Bipartisanship : With their Senate majority narrowed even further and a midterm election approaching, Republicans are seeking some consensus with Democrats after a year of intense division. Plan for Toronto City of Future Raises Concerns Out of ‘1984’ : Plans by a Google sibling for a development where robots collect trash and heated paths melt snow have generated excitement. But its data-collection sensors have spurred privacy concerns. Putin files re-election bid as Kremlin critic calls for protestsNavalny, who says the conviction was politically motivated, confirmed the Supreme Court decision in a tweet and repeated his call for a voter strike to boycott the elections. " We do not recognize elections without competition," he said. In March, he galvanized thousands to join rallies across Russia as part of one of the biggest anti-government protests Russia has seen in years. Navalny was arrested and jailed for 15 days. President Vladimir Putin announced his intention to seek re-election earlier this month. CNN\'s Eric Levenson contributed to this report.2017 Was The Year Of Hacks. Remembering Equifax, Uber and all the other data breaches of the last year.', '2017-12-31': 'Trump\'s "America First" Security Strategy Imperils The U.S. : The president\'s aims are both contradictory and regressive, and will do great harm to his nation. Non-Sanctuary States Could Learn A Great Deal From New York City In 2018 : The nation\'s most immigrant-rich city currently boasts an historically low homicide rate. In Congo, Eight Are Killed in Move to Crush Church Protests Over President’s Reign : Churches had planned a peaceful march to protest President Joseph Kabila’s refusal to leave office, but security forces fired tear gas at churches and set up checkpoints in the capital. Oregon Court Upholds Damages In Same-Sex Wedding Cake Case : The case "sends a strong signal" that the state "remains open to all," the labor commissioner said. Donald Trump Heats Up\xa0Feud\xa0With Iran By Praising Anti-Government Protests : Iranian officials call Trump\'s support of protesters in the country "deceitful" and "opportunist. "Merkel Offers Goals For Her Government And Society in 2018 : In her New Year’s address, Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany promised to work swiftly on a new coalition, and to help heal rifts in society.', '2018-01-01': 'Disney Deal Fits in a Murdoch Family Fault Line : Rupert Murdoch’s decision to sell most of 21st Century Fox has many wondering what the future holds for him and the two sons who seemed on the cusp of taking over his vast empire. Teterboro Airport: A Regional Gem Whose Noise Has Dulled Its Luster : The New Jersey airport, once a source of pride for the region, has recently fallen out of favor among neighbors who call it dangerous and noisy. Its loyalists say it is an underappreciated gem. Energized Foes Push to Cripple Two-State Goal : After President Trump’s recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s party has seized momentum to strengthen Israel’s rule of the West Bank. UN Secretary-General Puts World On \'Red Alert\' In Somber New Year\'s Eve Address : “When I took office a year ago, I appealed for 2017 to be a year for peace. Unfortunately, in fundamental ways, the world has gone in reverse. "', '2018-01-02': 'Deep-Freeze Forecast Threatens South With Beach Snow : Icy weather grips much of the U.S., including parts of Florida unaccustomed to wintery conditions. A regional currency analyst said that the move appeared to be a tightening of capital controls. “ I was not expecting this since outflows have been slowing. November saw the 10th consecutive month of foreign exchange reserve gains. @ The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years, and they have given us nothing but lies & deceit, thinking of our leaders as fools. Fern Mandelbaum’s Stanford business school courses fill up quickly. The dictator also said Pyongyang would consider sending a delegation to the Winter Olympics to be held in South Korea next month. The march of the robots may be slower than feared: at least on the production lines in emerging markets. @ It is planning to expand its staff by more than 10 per cent annually in Bangladesh and Vietnam in the coming years. Air Travelers Stuck In Long Lines After U.S. Customs Computers Go Down : A similar computer outage occurred a year ago.', '2018-01-03': 'Paul Manafort Sues Special Counsel Robert Mueller, DOJ Over Russia Probe : Trump\'s former campaign chairman alleges the investigation has "diverged from its focus. " The DOJ Wants A Citizenship Question On The Census. Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform [Kim Jong Un] that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works!” @ In 2017 liberal democracies came under pressure from inside and out. The new year opened with a reminder that autocracies can be brittle, too. @ The street protests that have swept across much of Iran in recent days have gathered momentum in a way that is virtually unprecedented in the nearly four decades since the revolution that deposed the shah. The ensuing crackdown will probably work. But Iran’s leadership should heed the warning signs. Iranians are tiring of a regime that squanders resources on foreign adventures, instead of devoting them to development at home. @ The government is doing this to take the pressure off its budget. Compare that figure with Saudi Arabia’s, proportionally six times larger. But whatever the cause, residents of the capital are sitting this one out. This time, it is under the highest strain in decades.', '2018-01-04': 'Heavy Snow And High Winds Pound The East Coast : The storm knocked out power, iced over roadways and closed hundreds of schools. This position is now taken by other areas — big data or artificial intelligence, perhaps. China is now bigger, richer and more influential on the world stage. The vicissitudes of management fashion may have something to do with it. But the most powerful driver is probably years of hard experience. It would nonetheless be a tragedy if the story ended there. The flattery failed to deliver the goods. When he was fired, he not only lost his job, he lost his mind.” @ Investors in casino stocks face the same problem. Officials fear the worst is ahead as bone-chilling cold moves in. Mr. Maduro introduced the idea on Dec. 3 in his regular Sunday television program. Mr. Buterin was raised in Canada and has dual Russian and Canadian citizenship. Follow Nathaniel Popper on Twitter: @nathanielpopper. Credit: NATHANIEL POPPER, OLEG MATSNEV and ANA VANESSA HERRERO; Nathaniel Popper reported from San Francisco, Oleg Matsnev from Moscow, and Ana Vanessa Herrero from Caracas, Venezuela. President NicolÁS Maduro of Venezuela Last Month. ( The Dow Hits 25,000: The Party Will End One Day, but When? : What about the rusty bridge you cross every day on the way to work?', '2018-01-05': 'Lawyers for\xa0Donald Trump\xa0sought on Thursday to stop publication of a new tell-all book that has already precipitated a bitter public break-up between the US president and former senior adviser Steve Bannon. @ To the ruler, the people are heaven  to the people, food is. Property markets in Asia, especially Hong Kong, remain robust. And in this they have been remarkably successful and remarkably pragmatic. Now We Know What Trump Meant in Pitch On Health Associations : The associations are part of a larger set of policies meant to chip away at Obamacare, and are likely to destabilize its markets for individual and small business insurance. : And that may not be such good news for investors. " If there are any certainties, one will be that this party will eventually come to an end," Mr. Stack said. " The toymaker Mattel "is on the bargain table," he said. Strong global economic growth and good prospects for higher company earnings have analysts predicting more gains. That boosted interest rates and sent banks higher. Few on Wall Street expect stocks to climb that much any time soon. Quite A Lot : First published in The Boston Globe. Doubtless Donald Trump should fear November 2018. The publisher, for its part, responded by moving up the release date to Friday.', '2018-01-06': 'Stolen Vodka Bottle Found Drained and Dented in Denmark : A thief had swiped the bottle from a pub in Denmark this past week, but it was recovered dented — and empty, the police said. But the last breakthroughs happened faster than they expected. In the short term, that may appear painful. But investors shrugged, sending Goldman\'s shares down slightly before quickly pushing them higher. We wouldn\'t have the legislation if they didn\'t want it." Regulators are offering some breathing room. They could indefinitely defer the taxes on profits earned abroad -- as long as those profits stayed overseas.) Credit: JESSE DRUCKER; Jack Ewing contributed reporting. This has been a year in which some of the gaps in the economy that had been growing narrowed a bit." Hiring picked up fastest in construction and mining. The unemployment rate was steady at 4.1 percent, a 17-year low. Many are vying for pickers, packers and shippers by offering new perks. They weren\'t synonymous with your traditional employers." Some people get here and we find out, oops, they have been smoking or injecting." The Labor Picture in December (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (A14)', '2018-01-07': 'Stolen Vodka Bottle Found Drained and Dented in Denmark : A thief had swiped the bottle from a pub in Denmark this past week, but it was recovered dented — and empty, the police said. But the last breakthroughs happened faster than they expected. In the short term, that may appear painful. But investors shrugged, sending Goldman\'s shares down slightly before quickly pushing them higher. We wouldn\'t have the legislation if they didn\'t want it." Regulators are offering some breathing room. They could indefinitely defer the taxes on profits earned abroad -- as long as those profits stayed overseas.) Credit: JESSE DRUCKER; Jack Ewing contributed reporting. This has been a year in which some of the gaps in the economy that had been growing narrowed a bit." Hiring picked up fastest in construction and mining. The unemployment rate was steady at 4.1 percent, a 17-year low. Many are vying for pickers, packers and shippers by offering new perks. They weren\'t synonymous with your traditional employers." Some people get here and we find out, oops, they have been smoking or injecting." The Labor Picture in December (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (A14)', '2018-01-08': "As Trump Appeals to Farmers, Some of the Policies He’s Pursuing Don’t : The president will cast himself as a friend to farmers in a speech on Monday, but his position on trade and some parts of the new tax law threaten to undercut their interests. That’s beginning to change amid an effort to root out graft. Sales by so-called multilevel marketing firms have surged. The Children's Health Insurance Program Is In Peril Again. Will Theresa May remain prime minister in 2018? @ But the past few months have been kinder. Sealing a Brexit divorce deal has ensured short-term job security. What was thought to be an unsustainable position is proving surprisingly sustainable. Basically, the two sides will focus on the Olympics. Plants that pass inspections are limited to marketing three brands. @ Saudi authorities have arrested 11 princes for protesting against the suspension of state subsidies to pay the electricity and water bills of members of the royal family, a rare example of open dissent over recent austerity measures. @ At first glance, San Francisco’s Victorian-era apartment buildings do not seem to have been much affected by tech innovation. @ However, the city’s biggest landlord knows differently. His socio-religious liberalisation is bold, breathing fresh air into a stifled Saudi society. He has clipped the wings of the fanatical religious police. The decision taken last week to suspend $2bn in security assistance is therefore understandable.", '2018-01-09': 'Utah Republicans Look To Enshrine Donald Trump\'s Cuts To National Monuments : Tribal leaders view Rep. John Curtis\' bill on Bears Ears as another "shameful" attack on sovereignty. Donald Trump Renominates Environmental Pick Democrats Called ‘Extreme’ And ‘Embarrassing’ : “Kathleen Hartnett White has no place heading up the White House environmental office. " She was the first Yemeni woman appointed as Information Minister. She is currently a PhD candidate at Reading University in UK. The opinions in this article belong to the author. Nevertheless, the women came together in grief. They are the nurturers, mediators, peacemakers, and keepers of tradition. Instead, they are being given more responsibilities. The situation in Yemen was bad before the war. But with the conflict, it has reached unprecedented levels of desperation. The problem of being in charge without basic resources is a very consuming one. The As Equals reporting project is funded by the European Journalism Centre via its Innovation in Development Reporting Grant Programme. Thermal coal, the least loved major commodity, has jumped to its highest level since late 2016 as strong manufacturing activity in Asia and appetite from China drives demand. @ The company did not immediately have a response to the suit. @ Will they finally grow robustly and broadly or not? Starbucks said that it was well-received by customers and its baristas.', '2018-01-10': 'Separatists Plan to Keep Their Leader In Catalonia : The main separatist parties have a deal to keep Carles Puigdemont as the Catalan leader, even though he is still in self-imposed exile in Belgium. Attorneys general in several states are calling for federal action as well. Now really is the time for every monetary economist to say, \'Is there something better?"\' Effective management allows the economy to prosper: Employment grows, wages rise and people enjoy better standards of living. The Fed\'s current approach is known as inflation targeting. But the Fed\'s benchmark rate currently sits in a range between 1.25 percent and 1.5 percent. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Photograph by Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press) (B4)Florida Gets Exemption; Other States Ask, Why? : Since joining IBM nearly 20 years ago, Srinivas Chitiveli has switched jobs nine times. More such companies are drawing up family constitutions, also known as charters or protocols, to help them prosper and endure. Last year the\xa0S&P 500\xa0recorded its first perfect calendar year of monthly total returns. Last\xa0year’s showing has provided hope but concerns remain. @ Now companies seem to delay going public indefinitely rather than listing too soon. We encourage China to utilise its development assistance in a productive and effective manner.', '2018-01-11': 'Top GOP Prospect Kevin Cramer Decides Against Senate Run In North Dakota : Republicans are having trouble lining up quality Senate candidates in some key races. The maliciousJustice Department Blindsided Banking Agency On Marijuana Reversal: Report : Critics said the Justice Department’s decision could drive banks out of the cannabis industry. That helped trim the yield rise to 2.57 per cent by early afternoon. Might this divergence continue indefinitely? Authoritarianism is resurgent and confidence in democratic institutions in decline almost everywhere. Read MoreBut the UK rebuffed the request. " We are a country that defends human rights and additionally, a country that respects international law. A person cannot live in these conditions forever. CNN\'s Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report. It would kill off the issue for a generation once and for all. Read MoreThe UK voted to leave the European Union by a 52%-48% margin in 2016. The issue has dominated British politics ever since. As these terms become clear, it is their right to change their mind. But I\'m starting this day with a lot of energy because we know that people expect us to find solutions". Germany\'s future: Merkel without MerkelismThe party\'s leaders are all too familiar with each other. April or May is the earliest a new government could be in place. Meituan last week marked its own entry into ride-hailing. @', '2018-01-12': 'US President Donald Trump has ditched a planned visit to London, saying he will not cut the ribbon on the new US embassy in the city as it was a “bad deal” made under the Obama administration. @ They aggregate millions of individual decisions, each responding to an economic environment that is wickedly complicated. We often see patterns that are not even there. @ This year, the US economy will be further stimulated by a large, deficit-funded tax cut. Before much longer, therefore, wage growth will awaken from its long slumber. Among Asians, the rate rose from 11% to 54% over the same period. Johnson at the time said the law "does not affect the lives of millions ... (and) will not restructure the shape of our daily lives." That makes this Congress the most diverse in history. Hispanics will be 24% of the population; Asians will be 14%; blacks will be 13%. CNN\'s Doug Criss contributed to this story. If that happens, it could still take several more months before a new government would be in place. But party leaders were in a buoyant mood on Friday morning. " It does a good job, though our reviewer has a few misgivings. Many Londoners have made it clear that Donald Trump is not welcome here while he is pursuing such a divisive agenda. A waxwork of US President Donald Trump outside the new US embassy in London.', '2018-01-13': 'Condition Of President Is ‘Excellent,’ Doctor Says : Dr. Ronny L. Jackson, a rear admiral in the Navy and the White House physician, provided no details, including Mr. Trump’s weight or blood pressure. John V. Tunney, 83, Boxer’s Son and a One-Term Senator : Mr. Tunney seemed to be a rising star in the Democratic Party until a Senate re-election loss sent him into early political exile because of turbulent times. Push to End South Korea Abortion Ban Gains Strength, and Signatures : While the country’s ban on abortion is rarely enforced, the procedure is illegal with just a few exceptions, putting women at risk of prosecution and creating a culture of shame, activists say. Norway\'s Arctic Oil Lawsuit Offers Hope For A New Era Of Climate Litigation : The insatiable Norwegian thirst for Arctic oil flies in the face of the Paris global climate agreementHow DACA Could Outlast Trump : A federal judge’s ruling raises the possibility the program may survive this administration ― even if the White House wins in court. Don Lemon: Watching Trump Honor Dr. King \'Kind Of Makes Your Skin Crawl\' : Trump\'s presidency is a "step backwards for race relations," he says.', '2018-01-14': 'Ruling on DACA Raises A Question of Impartiality : When a federal judge in California ordered a stop to a key plank of President Trump’s immigration agenda, he revived a debate over the impartiality of the judiciary. Test Countries For Facebook Illustrate Risk : Last fall, the online giant altered what people in six nations see. Established news sites said their web traffic declined, adding that more bogus stories were shared instead. Rand Paul Says Calling Trump \'A Racist\' Hurts Immigration Talks : The Republican senator added that it was "unfair" to portray the president as a racist, despite his alleged "shithole" comments. What Common Core Won : I’ve said often that the Common Core failed in its creators’ central goal ― to establish a set of national standards followedTrump Says Program To Protect Dreamers Is \'Probably Dead,\' Blames Democrats : “DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it," he tweeted. In Terrifying Close Call, Plane Skids Off Turkish Runway And Nearly Plunges Into Black Sea : None of the 168 people on board the Pegasus Airlines flight was injured in the accident. Protesters Trash South African H&M Stores Over Racist Ad : The Swedish clothing company temporarily closed stores in the Johannesburg area.', '2018-01-15': "Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel Calls Donald Trump 'An Embarrassment' : The former two-term GOP senator from Nebraska said Trump is “doing great damage to our country internationally. ” The discussions appear to have gone well. North Korea will now be sending athletes to the Winter Olympics in South Korea next month. And further talks on military issues are planned. @ Nonetheless, considerable caution is still in order. The potential growth of Earth may be lower than currently experienced. In short, the era of “Peak GDP” may be upon us. @ Although this is perfectly acceptable economics-speak, my overriding reaction is that this is gobbledegook. The equilibrium real interest rate, r*, was revised downwards almost everywhere. Furthermore, the financial markets responded accordingly. Perhaps it is just a strong cyclical boom that will soon peter out. It was a busy time and I learnt a lot,” he says. “ Almost 40 minutes later the alert was recalled as state officials said the message had been sent in error and there was no threat. You have an object that is capable of moving by itself. ” That suggests the ostensible guarantee provides little additional security. @ Three who spoke to the Financial Times are offering acceptances with face values ranging from Rmb500,000 to Rmb50m ($77,000 to $7.7m). An interest rate of 12 per cent is high by any standard. Others were issued by Beijing Capital Airlines, a small carrier owned by HNA. @", '2018-01-16': 'U.S. Withholds Millions  Used for Palestinian Aid : The Trump administration cut by more than half the funding it provides to the U.N. Relief and Works Agency, which funds schools and clinics for Palestinians. Their prospects for 2018 defy easy generalisation, which in some ways is all to the good. The ruling was dated January 11 and emailed to reporters\xa0on Monday. @ Lego and Tencent have formed a wide-ranging digital partnership to develop games, online videos and a social media network for children in China, as the Danish toymaker seeks to restart its stuttering growth trajectory. @ and “how big is the Amazon rainforest?” @ But it is no longer a mere supplier of components or assembler of the devices on display at shows like CES. Chinese tech companies are increasingly winning with their own products. About 15 per cent of those recommended are Chinese. @ So far there is little evidence to support that fear. North Korean workers employed on this construction site are very likely to send funds back to their families. The tougher sanctions were implemented following another North Korean missile test. This is not the solution to the problem of North Korea," he said. A North Korean worker walks through the building site. " Saskya Vandoorne in Paris contributed to this report.', '2018-01-17': 'A stream of Brazilian lenders have been touring Asia and selling US dollar denominated debt to local investors in the past few months. @ Liaoning admits it faked data for about five years but has not issued a revised series. @ It’s not something that you can come to overnight, hit the jackpot and make a big fortune.” @ China’s allure to international managers is clear. We used to import plastic rubbish from Britain\u2009. All our development has been dependent on plastic. Some people made millions from recycling and developed large companies. Analysts could select multiple responses.) The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant. BEN CASSELMAN and JIM TANKERSLEY Follow Ben Casselman on Twitter: @bencasselman. If that deadline passes, police will be sent to carry out the sentence. Auschwitz concentration camp is now home to a Holocaust museum. Hundreds of thousands of Roma people, homosexuals, disabled people and other persecuted minorities were also killed.', '2018-01-18': 'How Our Reality Show President Is Changing The Way Politics And Culture Mix : In his first year, Trump has wielded culture with sound and fury, marking a major shift in how U.S. democracy works. The people asked not to be named because they were not authorised to speak about local government borrowing practices. @ Qingshan and NMG Dai did not respond to requests for comment. @ Many are living in makeshift camps and attempting to find their way across the English Channel. French President Macron and British Prime Minister May arrive at Sandhurst. De Rodez à Yateley, ces jeunes Français font vivre le partenariat entre nos deux pays. They also shared a working lunch at a local pub in May\'s Maidenhead constituency. Investors in Citic Securities may benefit, too. They also warned that China was emerging as an increasingly important uranium producer and exporter. @ He appeared to credit the comments to a segment on "Fox & Friends," the morning program on Fox News. This is consistent with polling from the Pew Research Center and Reuters.) By contrast, exit polls necessarily survey people who have just voted. But the rate has been in decline for several years, decreasing steadily from 16.4 percent in August 2011 to 7.8 percent in January 2017. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter.', '2018-01-19': 'Powerful storm wreaks havoc across western Europe - CNN : Powerful storm wreaks havoc across western Europe :  (CNN)Germany and the Netherlands woke up to scenes of devastation Friday after a powerful storm flattened buildings, disrupted travel and killed at least eight people. People sleeping and waiting in the train station in Erfurt on January 18, 2018 in Erfurt, Germany. One was killed by a falling tree in Zwolle and the other died in Enschede. CNN\'s Lauren Kent contributed to this report. Literally, on the floor of the Russian parliament, MPs cracked open bottles of sparkling wine and toasted his victory. He criticized Russia\'s Cold War nemesis, NATO, a mainstay of US military power in Europe. Trump has consistently denied any collusion with Russia. What we see is merely the growth of anti-Russian hysteria," he told me. " China bulls are confronting an uncomfortable new reality. Investors are comfortable that the authorities are aware of the risks. At least, the argument goes, there is no complacency. @ The US has not declared China a currency manipulator. And Mr Trump seems very happy with his cordial relationship with Mr Xi. Others will follow as the success of this approach catches on. Nonetheless we still expect a deceleration in China this year. CPI inflation likely will edge higher in coming months, eroding purchasing power. President Trump may be making those efforts easier.', '2018-01-20': 'A Bet on Short Memories : As Democrats pushed the government toward a shutdown, they could take solace in the rapid-fire news cycles of the Trump era. A crisis now may be long forgotten by November. Bill Maher: \'I\'m Down With #MeToo, I\'m Not Down With #MeCarthyism\' : "Giving up on the idea that even bad things have degrees, that is as dumb as embracing the idea of alternative facts. " Germany limps toward a new government - CNN : \'The least bad option:\' Germany limps toward a new government :  (CNN)Six hundred delegates from Germany\'s Social Democratic Party (SPD) will descend on the city of Bonn this Sunday for a special party congress. This time, it looks to be on a knife edge. But most of the alternatives are even less pleasant to consider. "" Germany\'s had this government for the last four years. I am not available for entering a grand coalition," he said. " It\'s quite clear that the grand coalition got the red card. The SPD is stuck between a rock and a hard place," he told CNN. The political landscape is becoming more fragmented -- the fringes keep growing. " That\'s definitely bad news for Schulz -- and the youth wing of his party isn\'t allowing him to forget it. " Their hashtag #NoGroko has been gaining significant traction on social media. " One branch of the AfD has already made its ambitions clear.', '2018-01-21': 'Moderate Senators Cite Progress In Talks To End Government Shutdown : “We are moving in the right direction,” GOP Senator Johnny Isakson said. House Ethics Committee Drops Republican Over Taxpayer-Funded Harassment Settlement : A lawmaker tasked with addressing sexual harassment in Congress secretly settled his own harassment claim. But Trump previously indicated a shutdown could be a good thing for him politicially. But the state is short on treatment centers, and drugs are readily available in nearby Massachusetts. Label Fades For a City: ‘Made In Canada’ : With the closing of plants like a 126-year-old G.E. factory, many in Peterborough, Ontario, scoff at the idea that Nafta benefits only Canada and Mexico. Speaking at a press conference in Berlin, Merkel expressed hope for the coalition. SPD leader Martin Schulz initially ruled out a new grand coalition in September after his party\'s share of the vote also slumped. Many voters seem unhappy with the prospect of a new grand coalition. Nevertheless, European Parliament President Antonio Tajani hailed the agreement. " Germany is an important player in advancing the necessary reform process for Europe to be more effective in providing answers to citizens. Once a coalition deal has been reached, SPD delegates will vote on whether to approve it.', '2018-01-22': 'Pennsylvania Supreme Court Strikes Down State\'s Congressional Map, Saying It Illegally Benefits GOP : Republicans had consistently received a 13-5 advantage in the state\'s congressional delegation since 2012.Liberals Fume At \'Worst Negotiator\' Chuck Schumer After Deal To End Shutdown : The New York senator is "even worse" than President Donald Trump, one group said. A Tax That Could Break China’s Fever : Officials appear to be warming to the idea of imposing the country’s first national tax on homes to cool a market subject to wild booms and busts. The time to address these threats is now. CNN\'s Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report. The encounter scarcely promises a meeting of minds. The Davos crowd pride themselves on their globalism. If this is great, then maybe nothing would be better." Yet old factory sites linger as landmarks. You could come out of high school here and go to any one of the factories in the city and have a very viable career, raise a family and maintain a good quality of life." But what those are is better left to the experts." I don\'t mean that they don\'t have the smarts to do it. By 2001, the company was insolvent and had just seven employees. Follow Ian Austen on Twitter @ianrausten. The Quaker Oats Plant, Still Open, in Peterborough, Ontario. "', '2018-01-23': "Obstacles Slow Mayor’s Plan to Aid Homeless : With tens of thousands of New Yorkers homeless, Mayor Bill de Blasio laid out a “vision” of 90 new shelters, including 20 in 2017. Here are the major questions for investors as a new trading week beckons for financial markets. @ Brent crude oil started the week with a bang, hitting a three-year high of $70.37 a barrel. This is good news for emerging and developing countries. This is not only the result of demographic change, but also of a weakening in productivity growth. The World Bank’s latest Global Economic Prospects draws the picture. As always, Asia is expected to grow fastest. Elsewhere, performance is less encouraging. Brazil is climbing only slowly out of a deep recession. Xiaomi has a scant 7 per cent share of the smartphone market and is still clawing its way back from a particularly torrid low point. It may be unfair to call out the bankers. It is clear that the latest safeguard measures would violate the WTO rules. The foundation's lawyers have said they plan to file an appeal against the ruling.", '2018-01-24': 'Shutdown Over, Task of Mending Senate Awaits Bipartisan Group : Members of the bipartisan group that intervened to bring the shutdown to an end hope the push for an immigration bill can reignite opportunity for debate. Mr Liu, 65, is Xi Jinping’s most trusted economic adviser and accompanies the president on most of his overseas trips. Kalbitz told CNN that he only learned about Wagner\'s conversion in a telephone conversation with him a few days later. The party supports freedom of religion," he said. Wagner did not respond to multiple requests for comment from CNN. The party came third in last year\'s federal election, winning 12.6% of the vote. One of the AfD\'s key\'s principles is that "Islam does not belong to Germany." The growing Islamization of Germany poses an urgent challenge for its public and state order, cultural identity and the internal peace of our country," Gauland said. While many countries now fear an exodus of capital, this will be especially problematic for China. G.E. also said the S.E.C. was examining its accounting.', '2018-01-25': ': Eight months after taking over as chief executive of Ford Motor, Jim Hackett is still trying to accomplish one of his most important tasks: convincing Wall Street that he has a compelling plan to reinvigorate the automaker. But so far investors and analysts remain uninspired. I thought a lot of these inefficiencies were taken care of a long time ago. At the Detroit show, Ford said it planned to spend $11 billion on electric vehicles by 2022. The Nasdaq composite fell 45.23 points, or 0.6 percent, to 7,415.06. Trade wars are fought every single day," Ross said. " That helped banks because higher yields let them charge higher interest rates on loans. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jayt This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Their names are a play on the phrase Zhonghua, which means Chinese nation or people. @ Previous efforts with monkeys often resulted in clones that did not develop properly as embryos or died shortly after birth. He was a complete political outsider who won the presidency on his first attempt. In the end, the mayor’s side won the day. Inequality remains at or near record highs.', '2018-01-26': 'Trump Booed At Davos For Criticizing \'Fake\' Media : The president dismissed reports that he ordered the firing of Special Counsel Robert Mueller as “fake news. ” The attacks increased six-fold over six years. In terms of gender, 71% of attackers and 72% of victims were also male. This is where London bucks the global trend. Other drivers have been drug disputes and general disputes between parties," he said. Courts are beginning to hand out lengthy sentences for the attacks. It\'s a very, very liquid market and we believe in free currencies. Europe\'s economy is performing better than anyone had expected it would be just a few months ago. But the growth has brought some unwelcome side effects. An ample degree of monetary stimulus remains necessary." But probably not in the intended direction." The other council\'s other 19 members are the leaders of the national central banks in the eurozone.) We are not talking about deep existential differences." JACK EWING Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT. Mario Draghi, the President of the European Central Bank, in November. On Thursday He Urged Caution in Talking About Currencies. ( Maybe it was all just a dream — or a nightmare. @', '2018-01-27': 'Alexei Navalny says Putin regime is \'built on corruption\' - CNN : Putin regime is \'built on corruption,\' opposition leader Alexei Navalny says  : Moscow (CNN)Russia\'s best-known opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has accused the regime of President Vladimir Putin of being "built on corruption" and called on the Kremlin to mend battered relations with the West. People are not ready to wait another six years, then another six, then another. According to official data, over 20% of our population lives below the poverty line. Critics say the case against him was politically motivated. He only allows those to run who don\'t even resist, who don\'t even campaign," he said. These are just further steps towards this country\'s degradation. " CNN\'s Emma Burrows in Moscow contributed to this report.: One-time quirks that could affect growth measurements this year could also end up artificially pumping 2018\'s figures. With less money to go around, spending dries up and consumer demand -- the economy\'s primary engine -- slows. " But most gains will go to executives and investors. Read MoreHis new term will run through 2022. The Honduran electoral commission, which is controlled by supporters of Hernández, said he won the election by a margin of about 50,000 votes. " CNN\'s Natalie Gallon, Florencia Trucco, Marilia Brocchetto, Julia Jones, Euan McKirdy and Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report.', '2018-01-28': 'Van Jones: Trump so far is \'a tale of two presidencies\' - CNN : Van Jones: Trump so far is \'a tale of two presidencies\' :  (CNN)President Trump\'s second year is "a tale of two presidencies," Van Jones said Saturday in opening his new CNN show, arguing that while "our economy is coming up ... our society is coming apart. You\'ve got to admit this, you\'ve got to look at it honestly: The economy is actually doing pretty well, so far, under Trump. Which means my 401(k) looks pretty amazing right now! And unemployment numbers, they were going down under Obama -- they kept dropping, still dropping. We have a President who still is demonizing immigrants, who has left hundreds of thousands of American citizens in Puerto Rico right now without electricity -- still!" " Jiri Drahos Zeman took 51.36% of the vote to defeat challenger Jiri Drahos by 152,184 votes in the runoff, the Czech Press Agency reported. But Republicans appeared to settle on warnings instead. Europe has finally felt the effects of cheap money pumped out by its central bank. Soybean farms in Brazil and Argentina saw orders plummet. Africa, which always was the forgotten continent, is not the forgotten continent any longer." The impacts on global growth would be quite severe.', '2018-01-29': 'Most Americans Can\'t Afford A Minor Emergency : Just 39 percent of Americans have enough money in savings to cover an unexpected $1,000 bill, according to a new report. We disagree with this, and we are sure this will have no influence. It\'s unlikely that at this stage there is someone who is serious competition. Putin proved his undeniable leadership on multiple occasions and continues to do that," Peskov added. The intense competition for recognition in the annual rankings, run by business magazine New Fortune, is another sign of how Chinese financial markets are adopting western-style practices with domestic characteristics. @ “ The public’s trust in their leaders is hitting an all-time low. Other than Brazil and Greece, no other democracy has such contempt for its system. The US government is of the people, by the people and for the people. American politics has become a winner-takes-all game. He could close it again when funding runs out in less than three weeks. Weak financial discipline, soft budget constraints and lax supervision remain widespread in local governments. That is important to investors and China watchers. Everyone is fully funded and liquidity is plentiful. China’s date with real deleveraging will have to wait.', '2018-01-30': 'These \'No Promo Homo\' Laws Are Hurting LGBTQ Students Across America : Seven states still have laws that specifically target gay students. The speech is at 9 p.m. ET, and we’ll have live coverage. The way to win in this environment is to have a platform that satisfies all formats." MICHAEL J. de la MERCED Follow Michael J. de la Merced on Twitter: @m_delamerced. Technology stocks, the biggest gainers in 2017, accounted for much of the slide. The Nasdaq composite lost 39.27 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,466.51. Apple is scheduled to report its earnings Thursday. Traders welcomed a crop of corporate deals Monday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The debate about Big Tech is rushing headlong into a ditch. The combined death toll stands at close to 150. @ Her patience was rewarded: Unemployment steadily declined while inflation remained low. Ms. Yellen is also leaving a clear road map. And now it is predictable and gradual and even slower." There were plenty of critics along the way. It\'s don\'t let the door hit you on the backside on your way out." Now I\'m pleased that I\'m finally getting at least a little relief." Some forecasters say they can see clouds on the horizon, though a little squinting is required.', '2018-01-31': ': Hefty losses in health care and technology companies led U.S. stocks sharply lower Tuesday, handing the market its biggest pullback since August and its worst two-day drop since May. That could be the catalyst to have buyers come in." The average had been down more than 411 points. The venture, whose initial focus would be on developing technology, is in its early planning stage. Bond prices continued to decline, driving up the yield on the 10-year Treasury to 2.72 percent from 2.70 percent late Monday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Behind the spectacular facade of Britain\'s legislature, roofs are leaking, a tangle of electrical cabling and steam pipes presents a fire risk, plumbing systems are inadequate and dangerous asbestos is all around. What it is not, in any way, shape or form, is a facelift or a makeover. It looks great -- but inside it\'s damaged. CNN\'s Max Foster and Florence Davey-Attlee contributed to this report.: The stock market has "smashed one record after another." Companies are "roaring back" to the United States. " It\'s hard to see that changing dramatically." Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. President Trump During His First State of the Union Address On Tuesday. His Approval Ratings Remain at Historic Depths. (', '2018-02-01': 'Amy Schumer Calls Aziz Ansari\'s Alleged Behavior \'Not Acceptable\' : “It’s not a crime, but it’s not cool. And it can still really mess with a woman. " Ignore or overturn them and confusion and conflict break out. But Donald Trump does not see it that way. The announcement brought down the curtain on Janet L. Yellen\'s four-year tenure as the Fed\'s chairwoman. But Fed officials are still committed to moving slowly. The next meeting of the policymaking committee is scheduled for March 20 and 21. There are two bubbles: We have a stock market bubble and we have a bond market bubble," Mr. Greenspan said. But he did not predict an imminent correction. " BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. But whether they also point to useful commercial applications in the near term is another matter. @ Many of Mr Trump’s supporters were happy. In recent weeks HNA has entered talks with several developers led by Sun Hung Kai Properties and a number of other investors to secure $1.5bn to $2bn in loans that would be collateralised by its land holdings at the site of Hong Kong’s former airport, Kai Tak, which is being remodelled as a luxury residential property development. @ For Kurds and Allies in Syria, U.S. Vow of Support Eases Fears on Turkey : A', '2018-02-02': 'Head of Humane Society Resigns After Claims of Misconduct : Wayne Pacelle, the longtime leader of one of the nation’s most prominent animal welfare groups, was facing an uprising from staff, donors after an investigation.: Over all, average hourly earnings were only 2.5 percent higher in December than a year earlier, barely outpacing inflation. The effects are especially pronounced for men. The government\'s definition of unemployment excludes anyone not actively looking for work. As the economy improves, more may come off the sidelines.: Among the highlights: "$8 trillion and more" in stock market gains. " We can never be entirely sure because we don\'t know what would have happened without the tax act." But he deemed such an outcome "extraordinarily unlikely." Some supporters of the tax law contend that economic growth will come so quickly that increased tax revenue will more than make up for the cuts. While the numbers look good, there have been a couple of weak spots. Republicans Warned Secret Memo Would Be \'Worse Than Watergate.\' So I think you have a brand new United States.” This may change, but has not yet done so. Migrants carrying sticks march in the streets of Calais, northern France. The US has also issued its own travel warnings on Russia. Nathan Hodge reported from Moscow and Judith Vonberg wrote from London. Peel, the private property conglomerate, signed an agreement with', '2018-02-03': 'Years Of U.S. Government Lies Could Soon Result In A Kurdish Massacre : The anti-ISIS strategy designed by the Obama administration secured big wins under President Donald Trump. An Angry James Comey On The GOP Memo: \'That\'s It?\' : The former FBI director says classified information was "inexcusably exposed" in a "dishonest" and "misleading" memo. I look forward to continuing to study the economy, especially issues related to the labor market, and contributing to public policy debates on a range of economic issues." The government estimated that the economy added 200,000 jobs in January, while the unemployment rate held at 4.1 percent. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. As stocks have sold off, Treasury yields have surged. The market is becoming more vigilant around these concerns, and that\'s good and that\'s healthy." Central banks wanted to heal their economies. The Fed started raising rates two years ago. Health care stocks did not fare much better. That is not to say the market is collapsing. New data on Friday suggested an answer: It is here, and it is now. If such predictions are borne out, there could be political ramifications. But voters may not focus on such nuances. Mr. Mabry said of his recruitment approach. " I\'m sure there is someone out there who can bring something different to the team. There were some notes of caution in Friday\'s report.', '2018-02-04': 'Illinois GOP Rep. Under Fire For Ad Mocking Transgender Community, Feminists : Both Democrats and Republicans called Rep. Jeanne Ives\' gubernatorial campaign ad "bigoted" and "homophobic. " We can show that the gap exists," said Huseyin Gulen, a finance professor at Purdue University who has written about the issue. " But at this point we don\'t know exactly why." How the gap is calculated may not be intuitively obvious, though. Simply holding shares while you sleep will do it. They are nowhere close to what they are cracked up to be." In fact, he said, most people are better off if they just sit tight. That said, there are plenty of exceptions to these general statements. Why it has done so is the subject of speculation. " People may be inclined to sell at the market close so they can feel in control of their money overnight," he said. Slow and steady investing generally avoids these problems. Frequent trading generally has not, either night or day. Fentanyl Adds Deadly Kick to Opioid Abuse Sweeping Britain : Britain has one of the highest rates of drug-related deaths in Europe, and among the places hit hardest is the former fishing port of Hull.', '2018-02-05': 'Beastly Arithmetic : Numerosity is deeply embedded in species that need to track quantity, such as hungry spiders and schooling fish. But the ability seems to have faded in humans. Allen Gillespie is one lonely stock analyst. I have had people I\'ve never met email me to ask if I was serious." But in the case of Amazon, it is actually true. " He is now editorial director of the online publication Business Insider, in which Mr. Bezos was an investor.) The success of the cloud computing business proved a tipping point. Credit: MICHAEL CORKERY and NICK WINGFIELD; Stephen Grocer contributed reporting.: Here\'s what to expect in the week ahead: ECONOMY Draghi to face questions on stimulus program. Tesla has lost money four quarters in a row and in seven of the last eight. CNN\'s Hilary Clarke contributed to this report. Amazon, JPMorgan Chase and Berkshire Hathaway walk into a hospital. And they\'re not necessarily the first to try. Video: "Alexa Loses Her Voice" Watch on YouTube.] This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Y ou can follow him on Twitter here: @fmanjoo.', '2018-02-06': ': "The stock market has smashed one record after another, gaining $8 trillion in value. That is great news for Americans\' 401(k), retirement, pension and college savings accounts." Sometimes you can have too much of a good thing. He probably didn\'t appreciate how quickly he would be proved right. Just in time for the next presidential election. For many, it\'s a reminder of the years of brutal unrest. In remarks after his swearing-in as Fed chairman, he emphasized the health of the economy. " Wells Fargo has been through this process once before. He added that there is room for improvement to make regulation "efficient as well as effective." Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. He took credit for the market at least 25 times in January alone. But it was rare enough that it stood out. The Market Dropped Sharply Again On Monday. But some common cognitive errors are making this sell-off seem more dramatic than it is. The percentage drop on Monday was a much rarer event, one that last occurred in 2011.) There were five such days in 2016, six in 2015 and four in 2014. But that hasn\'t been the pattern in this downturn. What more can anyone ask from a Fed chair? @', '2018-02-07': 'Democrats Win Special Election In Missouri District That Went Big For Trump : Democrats have dominated at the ballot box during Trump\'s time in office. CNN\'s Nadine Schmidt reported from Berlin.: Right now it appears to be more noise than signal. The economic data has been solid in recent weeks. 1:52 P.M. S.&P.: 2,636.29; 2:13 P.M. S.&P.: 2,637.18 (B4); 8:27 A.M. S.&P.: 2,648.94; 3:38 P.M. S.&P.: 2,679.25; 4:02 P.M. S.&P.: 2,695.14 (B4-B5); 9:14 A.M. S.&P.: 2,648.94 (Photographs by Sam Hodgson for the New York Times) (B5) Chart: Market Volatility: The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index, Known Informally As the Vix, Through Tuesday. ( He is accused of decades of sexual misconduct. Those investors are starting to feel some pain.: I was up until the wee hours, checking my phone to see where VIX futures were trading." That Mr. Golden and others like him are getting hurt on these risky, niche trades should not, in theory, have a wider effect on the market. These products definitely had an impact on the VIX," said Pravit Chintawongvanich, the head of derivatives strategy at Macro Risk Advisors. " And that exacerbated the decline in stocks. The sister of North Korean supreme leader Kim Jong Un will attend the opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics in South Korea this week. @ This is not just a road to stagnation, it is a road to stagflation." It also comes as Germany is in the midst of its longest postwar stretch without a government.', '2018-02-08': 'Despite Security Being on Alert, Hackers Have a Head Start on Some Networks : Some computer systems connected to the 2018 Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, have already been compromised, experts said. I don\'t think I will be buying or trading on the market again anytime soon," she said. " Only about a third of millennials currently hold stocks. TIFFANY HSU Follow Tiffany Hsu on Twitter: @tiffkhsu. And real health crises may go unrecognized. Follow CNN Health on Facebook and TwitterSee the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter. " India matters now and will matter still more in future. Yet, if this rate were maintained, GDP per head would double every 12 years. His agenda is impressive and wide-ranging. India could and should do far better still. @ In particular, it notes obstacles that did not exist in the past. Both the outcome and the social attitudes that cause it have to change.: It\'s only a single data point, and an erratic one at that. To answer the question, it helps to start with some basics. The answer is more uncertain than you might think. Stacks of Banknotes in Weimar Germany in 1923. Inflation Was so High Then That Currency Ceased to Be a Useful Medium of Exchange. (', '2018-02-09': 'The Market’s Nasty Turn Was Long Overdue : Losses mounted in the markets this past week. Amazon to Test Delivery Service That May Compete With UPS and FedEx : A pilot program will pick up goods and move them to Amazon warehouses. Of course, any financial loss can be scary and painful. Indeed, the less you have, the more each dollar counts. A look at some fundamentals may provide a clearer perspective. And if you break it down by age, race and education and parental education, you\'ll see the disparities are even larger." The stock market and the underlying economy are distinct. The two interact, but they do not proceed in lock step or even respond to each other in predictable ways. The recent stock market dive is like a holiday weekend sale." Productivity growth is anemic and labor participation rates are low by historical standards. WASHINGTON -- Big government is officially back in style. That sort of behavior, the last time I checked, is not in the Republican platform." I don\'t think that\'s being driven by human hands." AuthorAffiliation Follow Tiffany Hsu on Twitter: @tiffkhsu. Religious School In Texas Argues Courts Can\'t Intervene. : A Battle Over Diamonds: Made by Nature or in a Lab? : Hong Kong-listed Chinese companies did not fare better.', '2018-02-10': 'Malcolm Jenkins of Super Bowl fame says White House visit is \'not worth my time\' - CNN : Super Bowl star Malcolm Jenkins says White House visit is \'not worth my time\' :  (CNN)For Philadelphia Eagles safety Malcolm Jenkins, a photo op with President Donald Trump celebrating the team\'s victory in Super Bowl LII is "not worth my time. "" I mean, if I wouldn\'t, then what is it that I\'m trying to get accomplished?" Executives at Plug Power never lost hope. Trump Veers Off the Script; Party Squirms : On Saturday he appeared to ignore victims of sexual abuse and express doubts about the #MeToo movement, saying, “lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. ” The trillion dollar question is how it will affect the economy. It\'s hard to overstate how abrupt the shift has been. But that doesn\'t mean the multiplier becomes zero. " We shouldn\'t confuse whatever distaste one has for the composition of the package for totally overwhelming the multiplier effects." More Treasury bonds floating around might reduce those pressures. But there\'s no certainty that will happen. But those numbers are just an abstraction. Higher debt service costs are one big one. We may need that fiscal capacity for something else."', '2018-02-11': 'The timing was as good as any chief executive could hope for when Kazuo Hirai announced last week that he was stepping down as Sony’s boss after six years in the job. @ The Japanese electronics and entertainment group was on track to post record profits. That depends on how often you were looking. It was a brutal Monday — the S&P 500 was down more than 4 per cent, the worst day on the market for more than six years. @ Tuesday continued the rout — at least at first. A casual investor, though, can blink and miss it. Eventually" is a word with a lot of wiggle room, however. Higher earnings and cheaper stock prices are an appealing combination. They did so on a daily basis in the gentlest and steadiest of fashions. How far will the current market decline go? Now, they\'re getting their wish, or at least a fun-house mirror version of it. President Trump signed that bill on Friday. A big chunk of the additional spending will go toward the military.) ■ Coax people who had dropped out of the labor force to look for work. But now we\'re going to find out if I\'m right." At the time, Republicans were more interested in austerity. ( Some are old and some are new,” Mr Trump tweeted. “ Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?” @', '2018-02-12': 'The Deep, Dark World Of Fake Porn : In the fight against other forms of revenge porn, legislation has been slow, but strides have been made. And the pay he had just collected was almost entirely spoken for to pay off last month\'s grocery bills. " For Hamas, the deteriorating situation is leaving it with few options. The vast majority of Palestinians see that as wholly unrealistic. But the P.A. thinks that strategy is working. Israel calls this February festival "Red South." It was well within mortar range of the border. " They wasted many lives and a lot of money and destroyed Gaza. And they can try to do it a fourth time." Credit: DAVID M. HALBFINGER; Iyad Abuheweila contributed reporting. The gunman in the Sutherland Springs massacre had been kicked out of the military for assaulting his wife. I\'m encouraged that they\'re trying to hurry up and get through this backlog. The Navy failed to do so 93% of the time; the Army, 79% of the time. If you\'re not supposed to have a gun, you\'re not supposed to have a gun. Self-sufficiency should be restored within the next 18 months. A state’s physical location determines its potential and opportunities. It is best described as ballistic ballet.', '2018-02-13': 'A persistent ridge of air in the Pacific is keeping winter storms away, and the Sierra snowpack, source of much of the state\'s water, is suffering. Rather, they fell because of the swelling importance of exchange traded funds. @ But it is taking a lot longer for shoppers to find a home to buy. Read More "We couldn\'t get any feedback as to why it was being denied. \' ICE issued a previous one-year stay in June 2016. A private corporation has a fiduciary obligation to make a profit. Sometimes creative ideas don\'t always have the level of acceptance in the marketplace as you hoped." But he doubted the promised total could be reached. " One lists safety, overall condition, economic competitiveness, environmental sustainability and quality of life as "primary selection criteria." It does it mostly on the basis of the leverage issue." But it has happened six times in the last seven trading days, and eight times since Jan. 26. The dollar fell to 108.60 yen from 108.78 yen. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2018-02-14': ': NEW YORK -- Stocks in the United States rose for the third day in a row on Tuesday, led by banks, retailers and technology companies. Amazon climbed once again, and athletic apparel companies rose following solid fourth-quarter results from Under Armour. It normally doesn\'t happen over a six-week period." The Nasdaq composite gained 31.55 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,013.51. Athletic apparel retailer Foot Locker also gained ground. The companies rejected the allegations and said they will defend themselves in court. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The reaction was immediate, and largely negative. But for almost everybody else, it amounts to a disaster. The personal savings rate has declined sharply. In the United States, neither has occurred. Investment has been stuck at stubbornly low rates. Still, they reap spectacular profits that warrant runaway share prices. " And competition, in the United States, is shriveling. They probably are geniuses; what they are doing is wonderful," Mr. Shapiro told me. " These profits can\'t be replicated by another company\'s capital investment. So what features might an economy like this possess? Rising rents will take larger shares of the nation\'s income. It is often a laborious, travel-intensive job. I would look at 50 companies a day, maybe 1,500 a month, and of those maybe 100 would get to the next level. ”', '2018-02-15': 'As Votes Falter On Immigration, Paralysis Sets In : Three measures — including one backed by President Trump — failed to garner the 60 votes required to open Senate debate. It\'s the worrisome byproduct of a healthy economy: inflation. Just about every nation on earth is now growing. Europe and Japan finally pulled out of their doldrums. The goal was to bolster investment and growth. And it is paying higher prices for both. " To Get Raw Materials In And Deliveries Out, Companies Need Trucks Trucks deliver the raw ingredients and trucks deliver the final goods. When demand goes up and supply holds steady, prices should rise. Those rates aren\'t likely to fall anytime soon. The bond market is not suggesting that runaway inflation is a deep concern." That would slow down economic growth as well growth in as corporate profits. Chipotle has been hit hard by food safety scares over the last few years and has had trouble winning back customers. Founder Steve Ells resigned as CEO in November. Wholesale gasoline added 3 cents to $1.71 a gallon. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. (', '2018-02-16': 'Senate’s Renewed Push for Sentencing Overhaul Hits Familiar Roadblock : The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, sees a bipartisan effort to make sweeping changes to federal sentencing laws as a losing issue and is unlikely to bring it before the full Senate. S.E.C. Blocks Chinese Deal for Exchange : The proposed deal drew sharp criticisms from Republican and Democratic lawmakers, who said it could put the security of United States financial markets at risk.: Stocks declined in only one of those periods, and then only modestly. " This is a very richly priced market no matter how you slice it," he said. I missed the last 15 percent gain, and I missed the 7 percent drop." He hasn\'t resumed buying at current levels. Health care and energy show up in both categories. Photograph A view from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. A recent visit showed optimism yielding to fear and resignation. And it would also have helped revive a marketplace where activity was dwindling. PHOTOGRAPH BY M. SPENCER GREEN/ASSOCIATED PRESS): Technology companies climbed Thursday as stocks rose for the fifth day in a row. Trading volumes have returned to more typical levels this week. But some researchers say the move may be counterproductive.', '2018-02-17': 'It Won\'t Be Easy For Blue States To Dodge The GOP Tax Law : Democratic efforts to offset the lost state tax deductions are fraught with practical and political problems. Tweeters Rip Trump Over \'Tone Deaf\' Thumbs-Up Pose With Florida First Responders : "To give a thumbs-up like you just had a great dinner. The stock market has been shaken by turbulence in the last few weeks, something it hasn\'t experienced in a few years. The S.&P. has since rebounded, regaining much of those losses. In other words, just a technical correction. Who is correct won\'t be known for months, or years, when market historians look back. The move came out of conviction, not fear, he said. " I think it helps to be a bit more concentrated. It allows investors to find a different avenue." His strategy is also an argument to know what you own. But an indexing behemoth like Vanguard says that is an overused argument. Mr. Kinniry is correct that fees eat into any return, regardless of how volatile the market is. But rising interest rates could eat away returns for individual investors. Investors should look at them opportunistically more so than be afraid of them.": Investors got back to buying stocks almost as quickly as they started dumping them. Friday\'s gains didn\'t come without some bumps. But that does not mean the operation lacked high-level support.', '2018-02-18': 'It Won\'t Be Easy For Blue States To Dodge The GOP Tax Law : Democratic efforts to offset the lost state tax deductions are fraught with practical and political problems. Tweeters Rip Trump Over \'Tone Deaf\' Thumbs-Up Pose With Florida First Responders : "To give a thumbs-up like you just had a great dinner. The stock market has been shaken by turbulence in the last few weeks, something it hasn\'t experienced in a few years. The S.&P. has since rebounded, regaining much of those losses. In other words, just a technical correction. Who is correct won\'t be known for months, or years, when market historians look back. The move came out of conviction, not fear, he said. " I think it helps to be a bit more concentrated. It allows investors to find a different avenue." His strategy is also an argument to know what you own. But an indexing behemoth like Vanguard says that is an overused argument. Mr. Kinniry is correct that fees eat into any return, regardless of how volatile the market is. But rising interest rates could eat away returns for individual investors. Investors should look at them opportunistically more so than be afraid of them.": Investors got back to buying stocks almost as quickly as they started dumping them. Friday\'s gains didn\'t come without some bumps. But that does not mean the operation lacked high-level support.', '2018-02-19': 'New York Magazine Makes A Case For Impeaching Clarence Thomas : "The idea of someone so flagrantly telling untruths to ascend to the highest legal position in the U.S. remains shocking, in addition to its being illegal. " The spectrum of national security is very broad and without a clear definition it could easily be abused,” he said.66 Feared Dead in Iran Plane Crash, the Latest Putting Pressure on Ministers : Because of bad weather conditions, the rescue teams have been unable to use helicopters to fly over the crash site, and its members have climbed Mount Dena in search of debris. Profanities were scrawled across a noticeboard outside the embassy and a swastika had been drawn on the entrance gate. Israeli police have opened an investigation into the incident. Violations would be punished by a fine or a jail sentence of up to three years. The Holocaust, the genocide of the Jews committed by the German Nazis, was a horrific crime. By the end of the war, just 10% of the community remained. Recent Polish governments have sought to challenge that narrative. "" CNN\'s Oren Liebermann reported from Jerusalem. Here\'s what to expect in the week ahead: MARKETS Markets will be closed for Presidents\' Day. Walmart reports its fourth quarter earnings on Tuesday. That, in turn, could prompt the Fed to accelerate the upward drift of its benchmark interest rate. Stephen Grocer This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2018-02-20': ': World stocks were set to post their first loss in five days on Monday, breaking a winning streak in which they recovered almost half their losses from a violent sell-off two weeks ago. Dealers decided to lock in their profits." The dollar edged up from three-year lows against a basket of currencies. The exponential increase in computing power and machine learning will intensify these vulnerabilities. @ This time is different, both in the pace and the reach of change. The political reverberations are already being felt. The legitimate concerns of vulnerable workers must be addressed. Third, UBI will undermine social cohesion. Individuals gain not only income, but meaning, status, skills, networks and friendships through work. No decent society should tolerate dire poverty or starvation. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!— That is a twisted example of evil trumping good.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 5, 2016  Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn\'t have a clue. GOP Asked People To Sign A Presidents Day Card For Trump. The Holocaust, the genocide of the Jews committed by the German Nazis, was a horrific crime. Recent Polish governments have sought to challenge that narrative. For us it\'s all about performance but it obviously about efficiency and emissions as well."', '2018-02-21': 'Pence Planned Secret Talks With North Korea, But Meeting Was Called Off : The vice president\'s office accused the country of trying to “whitewash their murderous regime with nice photo ops. ” What will President Trump\'s first recession look like? If it makes it past June of next year it will be the longest on record. Unfortunately, the United States could hardly be less prepared. The federal debt burden is now the heaviest it has been in 70 years. The Fed quickly slashed interest rates to zero. It expanded the eligibility for unemployment insurance to its longest duration ever, 99 weeks. In some states, benefits expire in as little as 12 weeks. There are plenty of places where the social safety net could be improved. AuthorAffiliation eporter@nytimes.com Twitter: @portereduardo Photograph Lining up for a job fair in Midtown Manhattan in 2009, when the nation\'s unemployment rate hit 10 percent. ( The building blocks of artificial intelligence are becoming more affordable and easier to work with. We will co-finance many projects [with AIIB] in the future in Africa. By the end of the day, Walmart saw its stock drop by more than 10 percent on weak profit. And right now the companies that are gaining share is the new generation." Amazon\'s specter also looms over the health care field. On Wednesday, Broadcom lowered its own offer for Qualcomm.', '2018-02-22': "Florida Sheriff Rebukes NRA Spokeswoman Who Claims She's 'Fighting' For Shooting Survivors : At a CNN-hosted town hall on Wednesday, NRA's Dana Loesch was roundly criticized by gun violence survivors and others for her remarks on gun control. Pennsylvania GOP Pleads With SCOTUS Again To Let Them Use Gerrymandered Map : Two days after the state Supreme Court issued a new congressional map that would make elections fairer, Republicans are suing. Others said the “upside risks” to growth may have increased, according to minutes of the gathering. @ “ If nothing has happened yet, why would anything happen now? Two years ago in Orlando, 49 people were shot dead in a nightclub. The deaths will continue because they are rooted in US gun culture. @ Such a conclusion, while tempting, is wrong. The seasonality will be more accentuated.” @ Higher bond yields indicate investors expect more risk of inflation. But soon banks stocks also slid into the red. Major indexes in Europe ended mostly higher. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( Mendoza, Argentina : The gastronomic scene has been growing by leaps and bounds.", '2018-02-23': 'Amnesty International Slams Trump\'s \'Hate-Filled Rhetoric\' : The U.S. president is setting a "dangerous precedent" for other nations, the group says in its annual human rights report. If they want to see the devil, let them see one. " So decide for yourself if it¹s worth teasing this beast even more. Russian investigative reports say Wagner contractors sign nondisclosure agreements as part of their employment. But the threats have not been limited to online harassment. The criminals got away without any punishment. When Alberto Cavallo was a child growing up in Argentina in the late 1980s, the Latin American country was suffering one of its occasional crises. This may sound ambitious, given that big data can be riddled with obvious or obscure flaws and biases. Credit card purchases and email receipts show\xa0retail spending. And smartphones send location data that show where we are at any given time. Alternative data providers have taken this to a new level. But it is also troubling, as China has recognised. The latter assessment has long held sway in China. Should You Turn Yourself Into a Company? : Gains in industrial companies and other sectors outweighed losses in banks and health care stocks. That big, nasty intraday reversal yesterday was probably a little bit excessive." Now I feel 70 percent better about myself.', '2018-02-24': 'If Trump Rips Up Nafta as Promised, Canada May Shrug, Not Shudder : Because of changes to the global trading system, an end to the agreement is unlikely to be devastating for Canada, and could even have positive effects. The latest report on the potentially malicious uses of artificial intelligence reads like a pitch for the next series of the dystopian TV show Black Mirror. @ One of the big questions of our age is: how can we maximise the undoubted benefits of AI while limiting its downsides? Nasdaq-listed Momo announced the acquisition on Friday before markets opened. All have captured headlines over the past few years with a series of audacious foreign acquisitions. But Tusk\'s remarks raise questions over how well it will go down in Brussels. " I\'m afraid that the UK position today is based on pure illusion. Naturally, it would be much better if it were, but we cannot stand by and wait. " Positive and constructive meeting at #Chequers last night. Dropbox is definitely going to be a milestone." A spokeswoman for Dropbox declined to comment. The biggest owners of Dropbox stock are its founders. The start-up did not work out, and Mr. Houston went back to school. AuthorAffiliation Follow Nick Wingfield and Matt Phillips on Twitter: @nickwingfield and @MatthewPhillips Photograph Drew Houston, the chief executive of Dropbox, which was most recently valued at about $10 billion by private-market investors. (', '2018-02-25': 'In Nigeria, a Mass Kidnapping Reopens Painful Wounds : Dozens of schoolgirls have gone missing from a rural town in northern Nigeria and residents question why the government hasn’t learned lessons from a similar episode in 2014.Hulu Makes Play to Contend With Netflix and Amazon : After “The Handmaid’s Tale” made it a player, Hulu has another ambitious show in “The Looming Tower.” But merger mania makes for a murky future. Parkland Shooting Survivor Rips Into NRA\'s Dana Loesch : "The NRA is an organization that\'s completely broken," said young activist David Hogg. Mexican President Cancels Trip To Washington After Heated Call With Donald Trump : Neither leader will back down from their stance on Mexico paying for Trump\'s border wall. California Democrats Decline To Endorse Dianne Feinstein For Re-Election : Her rival, fellow Democrat Kevin de León, called it “an astounding rejection of politics as usual. "NRA Blasts \'Cowardice\' Of Corporate Partners Turning Away From Gun Group : The group blamed everyone but itself for this month\'s Florida shooting.', '2018-02-26': '\'Black Panther\' Success Will Help Fund Boys & Girls Clubs\' STEM Centers : The grant from Disney will give kids the chance to learn advanced technologies. Interest rates include expected inflation, so higher inflation would raise rates. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Now an oil company has sued for rights to drill in the region. But any reversal also involves great risks. Simply crossing your fingers and praying that “it might never happen” would seem imprudent, to say the least. The absence of sober American leadership is now a bigger one. @ Speaker after speaker stepped up to the podium to recite the list of threats. It was one thing to enunciate the challenges. Missing was anything much in the way of solutions. We must all stick together, show resolve. This is what politicians say when they are lost. I will kill any tax legislation that benefits Delta unless the company changes its position and fully reinstates its relationship with the NRA," tweeted Lt. Corporations cannot attack conservatives and expect us not to fight back." You have consolidation," Harteveldt said.: Then, with the 10-year mark approaching, it rains. The January employment report reflected fairly strong growth in average hourly earnings. For example, by comparing the prices of regular Treasury bonds with inflation-protected bonds, you can get a sense of how worried investors are about inflation.', '2018-02-27': ": WASHINGTON -- President Trump's threat to rip up the Iran nuclear deal has touched off an urgent scramble in European capitals to preserve the agreement -- not by rewriting it, but by creating a successor deal intended to halt Iran's ballistic missile program and make permanent the restrictions on its ability to produce nuclear fuel. The Europeans have not gone that far, at least yet. But they feel they have no choice but to go along with it. The profitability situation for steel mills is pretty good. There can be no doubt that we have fallen completely out of love with plastics. According to DHS, officials had revoked or terminated 2,139 individuals' DACA protections over the lifetime of the program as of August 2017.The ruling came the same day the Supreme Court said it would stay out of the dispute over the termination of DACA for now, leaving renewals under the program in place for at least months. Is this month’s correction the beginning of a bear market? And they are the hottest investment product. For the second straight day, the market turned higher as the day wore on. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.", '2018-02-28': ': How low must unemployment go for workers to get a raise? Target and even Walmart have granted their workers raises. This suggests a double challenge for the nation\'s workers. That compares with only a third of the time from 1949 to 1980. And tight labor markets don\'t carry the power they used to. Or how about restoring competition to labor markets? AuthorAffiliation eporter@nytimes.com Twitter: @portereduardo Photograph A Walmart in Secaucus, N.J., in November. In a letter to Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday seen by the Financial Times, Mr Cornyn wrote that it would be “deeply concerning” if a foreign company could take control of a US group through a proxy fight without first gaining Cfius approval. Equity investors have been rudely awakened from their bullish slumber. We have a checklist to answer this question. Pedestrians cross the Millennium Bridge as heavy snowfall hits London. More snow is expected Thursday and Friday. With the weather so severe at the moment it is really important that everyone keeps up to date with the forecast and warnings in their area, check for local travel information and follow the advice of local authorities and emergency services." Lawmakers grilled Mr. Powell on Tuesday on many subjects. I would expect the next two years on the current path to be good years for the economy." The Standard & Poor\'s 500 lost 1.27 percent, closing at 2,744.28. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter.', '2018-03-01': 'Pesticides Put Wild Bees At Risk, Food Safety Watchdog Confirms : The EU has had a moratorium on the use of neonicotinoids since 2014 after lab research pointed to potential risks for bees. Snow clearing operations continued through Thursday night. Edinburgh Airport will reopen Friday for airlines that wish to operate. Storm Emma is expected to hit Ireland particularly hard. It\'s changing faster than we can collect data on it," Clark said. With a mercurial president in charge, it could well just be more of the same. Comedian Beppe Grillo founded the Five Star Movement. M5S has been blamed for a rise in measles cases in Italy. He was a webmaster before entering politics. So far his strategy hasn\'t gone too well. The dominant fear for the month was the threat of higher inflation and interest rates. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. We\'re Still Not Really Sure What The Russians Did To Hack Us. Its acronym strikes fear into companies and investment bankers. boasted Donald Trump in a tweet in December. But he added the condition that such work should be “good quality and well paid”. China’s official gauge of manufacturing activity for February fell', '2018-03-02': 'It’s a Fine Line : Schools have seen more threats and false alarms since the recent shooting in Parkland, Fla. “We can no longer say, ‘Aww, he didn’t mean it,’” an Illinois officer says. How Did Europe Freeze As North Pole Warmed Up? : Why It’s So Hard to Invest With a Social Conscience : Want guns out of your stock portfolio? Sick of bad actors like Wells Fargo and Equifax? The independence drive plunged the country into its worst political crisis in decades. People wave the pro-independence Catalan flag at a rally on September 11, 2016, in Barcelona. We\'ll have further updates in the morning. The locals at Cadnam were amazing," Goodall said. " They had a Scout hut set up as a drinks station. We are also aware of armed forces personnel volunteering in their own time with their own vehicles to help those in need." CNN\'s Duarte Mendonca in London contributed to this report. Will the US or China lead in coming decades? Many would claim China already is such a leader. The recent spending bill adds $300bn to that. @ US federal borrowing has no justification. He is concurrently chief economist at China Beige Book. The last decade in financial markets could plausibly be called the Age of', '2018-03-03': '‘Easy to Win,’  President Says,  As G.O.P. Frets : A global tit-for-tat on trade could crimp economic growth, undermining the stimulative effects of President Trump’s deregulation push and his signature $1.5 trillion tax cut. 1 priority in transportation infrastructure, and had informally agreed to help pay for it. Many of these were the states that stunned the country when non-college-educated whites who had voted for President Barack Obama swung toward Trump. Indiana is home to the nation\'s largest steel mill, Gary Works, in the city of Gary. The number of weather-related deaths in the country has risen to 18 since Monday, Anna Adamkiewicz of the Government Center for Security said Saturday. Airports reopenWith the weather improving, some airports reopened Saturday after treacherous conditions had halted services the previous two days. These include Dublin and Cork airports in Ireland as well as Amsterdam\'s Schiphol Airport in the Netherlands and Switzerland\'s Geneva Airport. London\'s Heathrow Airport said it is working to "deliver a near full schedule" Saturday, while London\'s Gatwick Airport said it is operating "a largely normal service with a small number of delays and cancellations. The arrival of Storm Emma brings fresh snow to Horse Guards Parade in London on Friday.', '2018-03-04': 'Far Right Surges As Italy Faces Hung Parliament : Polls show voters spurned traditional parties and flocked to anti-establishment and far-right groups in record numbers. Maybe we’ll have to give that a shot someday. " Changes to the election system to prevent fraud also meant long queues across the country. Right-wing parties pushed an anti-immigration agenda. The Northern League has advocated for mass expulsions and pledged to put "Italians first." The incident fueled serious political debate about how the country is reconciling its fascist past. The new system combines a first-past-the-post (FPTP) approach with proportional representation (PR). The remaining 12 seats are determined by overseas constituencies. Merkel has led Europe\'s largest economy since 2005. If she finishes her fourth term, she will have been in power for 16 years -- equaling Helmut Kohl as the country\'s longest-serving chancellor. Instead, voters revolted against the status quo. Ministry positions will be announced in the next few weeks. The European Union is going to have a horrible evening," she said in the post.', '2018-03-05': 'Chris Christie Slams \'Some Of The Really Awful People Inside The White House\' : The former New Jersey governor says they\'re trying to "hurt" Kellyanne Conway. Beijing continues an ambitious plan to develop new weaponry. In the process of soliciting opinions and conducting grassroots investigation and research, many regions, sectors and numerous party cadres unanimously appealed for amending the constitution,” according to a rundown of proposed constitutional amendments circulated to delegates and reporters. Is there anything sillier than a billionaire? It is also kind of an ad for Tesla Motors. Either way, he has made us all look a little ridiculous. That is more than three times the GDP of Denmark. You can go but it will probably cost you $200,000 to get there. But when I go back to Jilin, it’s like stepping back in time — it’s developed so slowly.” @ Here\'s what to expect in the week ahead: ECONOMY The current round of Nafta talks concludes. That is the lowest level in more than a year. Patricia Cohen This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. It wasn\'t just the success of the anti-establishment Five Star Movement (M5S). If Italians will choose me as Prime Minister I will [impose tariffs] like Trump. This is the coalition that won, this is the coalition that will govern. However, they both exceeded the expectations. CNN\'s Lorenzo D\'Agostino, Gianluca Mezzofiore and Kara Fox contributed to this report.', '2018-03-06': 'Net Neutrality Revived in Washington State : The law is the most sweeping state action so far against new federal rules that strip away regulations on how high-speed internet providers handle digital data. But the question for it and all of Europe is how much longer the brakes on populism will hold. Deal Reached To End West Virginia Teacher Strike : Legislators passed a bill giving teachers and state employees a 5 percent raise. Both came back from early-morning losses. Gold fell $3.00 to settle at $1,318.10 per ounce. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Police and rescuers at the site of the shooting in Florence on Monday. We\'re angry and we don\'t like that this happened during this political moment in Italy. "" Violent people from all sides must be entrusted to police. Comprendiamo il dolore della comunità senegalese ma la protesta violenta di questa sera in centro è inaccettabile. This has occurred despite a variety of factors that might have been expected to push the dollar up. They include upwards revisions in economic forecasts, expectation of monetary tightening, rising real and nominal long-term interest rates, fiscal stimulus on a huge scale in a full employment economy, rising protectionism that should choke off import flows, and tax reform directed at reducing capital outflows and increasing capital inflows. @', '2018-03-07': 'Parkland Students Disappointed In Betsy DeVos\' Brief Visit To Their School : Stoneman Douglas students said on social media that the education secretary met with few students and barely responded to their questions. Here\'s What That Could Mean For November. : The first primary of 2018 offers more evidence that Trump\'s opponents are galvanized. For all the shock value of his behavior, something to which, apparently, he was used to because of his previous life experience and activity, when we got down to business, he gets into problems. CNN\'s Nathan Hodge contributed to this report. He had a private audience with Queen Elizabeth II on Wednesday morning before meeting at Downing Street with UK Prime Minster Theresa May and dining with Prince Charles and Prince William. The obvious answer, “No”, is the correct one. This theory has some validity, though with fairly serious drawbacks. One is the threat that the pressure valve is put at such a sensitive setting that it stops the engine running at all. They ended up wasting money and saving few jobs. History suggests there can be tactically sensible uses of discretionary trade defence instruments. We have a trade deficit of $800 billion a year." -- March 2 post on Twitter This is exaggerated.', '2018-03-08': 'Trump Signs Tariffs, Defying Array of Allies : The president raises levies on foreign steel and aluminum in hopes of reviving fading domestic industries. Competitor Ross Stores lost $5.11, or 6.3 percent, to $75.40 following its report. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Read More"But it looks like it did not happen. Now how are they made to feel after what happened to this man? It felt to me about like where things were 15 years ago." And I don\'t know that he has it in him to do it." Still, it is moving in the right direction." When you cut revenue, you either have to find new revenue streams or you have to cut expenses. Police identified the officer as Detective Sgt. They believe the pair were deliberately targeted. ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWho is Sergei Skripal? Exposure to potent doses can result in death. Customers put what they want in their bags and walk through a turnstile. Following the US withdrawal, the remaining members are Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. @ The new rules bring China closer to international standards.', '2018-03-09': 'Aid-In-Dying Gains Momentum As Erstwhile Opponents Change Their Minds : Between 2013 and 2017, medical aid-in-dying became legal in California, Colorado, Vermont and the District of Columbia. Just How Big a Deal Is the Plan to Meet? : But she encouraged the state to keep trying. Speaking at the African Union headquarters in the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, at the start of a week’s visit, Mr Tillerson said that while the US was “not attempting to keep Chinese investment dollars out of Africa”, governments could lose control of infrastructure and resources if projects went wrong. China is ploughing billions of dollars annually into African infrastructure initiatives. Some analysts believe the motor industry will eventually sell rides rather than cars. @ I’ve never had great success, which is lucky, because I have seen it ruin many previously excellent writers and thinkers. The best business nowadays is selling to the 1 per cent. Here are some case studies: @ You are a historian. Eventually you realise you aren’t a historian any more. FRANKFURT -- Political instability in a heavily indebted eurozone country. He added, "The reaction should not be overdone. Italy will more likely worsen its ability to carry its debt." As expected, the Governing Council opted on Thursday to leave monetary policy unchanged. Interest rates will remain at a record low level. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT.Shareholder advisory group Institutional Shareholder Services', '2018-03-10': 'In Britain, Learning to Accept Risk, and the Occasional ‘Owie’ : After decades spent ratcheting up safety measures, many British educators say the pendulum has swung too far. Bring on the scissors, bricks and mud pits. There are 39 pages in the Labor Department\'s February report on the employment situation in the United States, but they can be summed up in four words: The economy is humming. Friday was a good day for the "let it run" folks. But that argument was absent in a filing on Friday.: That could put a damper on lending, hiring and business expansion. The market has to think that is terrific." The company employs roughly 2,800 workers in its six factories. You really need to be much more flexible and accommodating these days." The construction industry is also booming. If there is public interest in infrastructure, where do workers come from?" February\'s figures will be revised up or down twice more, and January\'s once more. Read more about signs that the economy is looking stronger and stronger.) Credit: PATRICIA COHEN; Ben Casselman contributed reporting. Border Patrol Rips Undocumented Mom From Daughters In Emotional Video : Officers in California tore a mother from her crying daughters in broad daylight.: The two sides have not confirmed that they are in talks.', '2018-03-11': 'The bull market turned nine on Friday but any celebration was decidedly subdued. On sheer numbers alone, the market seems to deserve much more. The market has been erratic since late January. That\'s twice the tally for 1 percent moves for all of 2017. It can\'t be eliminated as a possibility." Beyond that, I can\'t predict very much with certainty because I don\'t really know how far the president is going with this and I\'m not sure that he knows either." That uncertainty puts investors in an awkward position. The Trump tilt has left many people flabbergasted. That could have unforeseen negative consequences. Many other strategists are more sanguine. We may have to get through these trade issues first. But I don\'t think the bull market is over yet." AuthorAffiliation Follow Jeff Sommer on Twitter: @jeffsommer Photograph Traders at the New York Stock Exchange on March 2, 2009, when the Dow closed below 7,000. Trade War With U.S. Would Bring \'Disaster\' To World Economy, China Warns : The Trump administration continues to face global criticism over its proposed tariffs on steel and aluminum. Trump Brags That He Won Most Of The Women\'s Vote In 2016. The percentage he laid claim to was inflated by more than 10 points. The bull market turned nine on Friday but any celebration was decidedly subdued.', '2018-03-12': "How to Prevent The ‘Butt Dial’ : Smartphone software can make it a little too easy to dial up your contacts whether you meant to or not, but you can help cut down on accidental calls. Yet the west could not be helping China more if it tried. China is plotting its own non-western course. That was partly because their expectations had been so low. Why, then, worry about the next downswing? It is now ranked second and first, respectively. @ “ Both leaders are volatile and the nuclear crisis is inherently intractable. Here's what to expect in the week ahead: ECONOMY Big sale week ahead for Treasury debt. Another surprise uptick could spook markets. Michael Corkery This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. PHOTOGRAPH BY MARTIAL TREZZINI/EPA-EFE/REX/SHUTTERSTOCK); Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, is the headliner at a meeting of economists Wednesday in Frankfurt. ( Police say a nerve agent was used in the attack. Our compatriots and British nationals of Russian origin are worried about their future in this country. Military personnel are seen outside Salisbury District Hospital, Sunday. The police officer who found the Skripals, Detective Sgt. CNN's Mary Ilyushina in Moscow and Simon Cullen in London contributed to this report.", '2018-03-13': 'American Muslim Groups Troubled By Trump\'s Secretary Of State Pick : Mike Pompeo has ties to one of America’s largest anti-Muslim organizations.: This is definitely one of those situations where you can feed in the data and get out whatever response you\'re looking for." Markets are completely overreacting," he said. " We basically have steady-as-she-goes mediocre wage inflation." All economic figures come with significant uncertainty. There is no right answer; there never will be a right answer." Moreover, Americans are increasingly refusing to respond to government surveys. This is where the private data comes into the picture." AuthorAffiliation Follow Ben Casselman on Twitter: @bencasselman. Source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.): The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index fell 3.55 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,783.02. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Russian spy attack: Why Britain and why now? - They still hate the British from the empirical squabbles of the 19th century. But there could be other dynamics at play. CNN\'s Adam Levy, Jennifer Agiesta, Jeff Zeleny, Rebecca Berg and Jim Acosta contributed to this report. Kris Kobach Gets His Turn To Defend Kansas Proof Of Citizenship Law. Sitting US presidents and North Korean leaders have not spoken in seven decades.', '2018-03-14': 'Rand Paul Says He\'ll Oppose Trump Nominees For CIA, Secretary Of State : The GOP senator\'s stance could imperil both nominations in what is expected to be a heated confirmation process. The S&P 500 index lost 17.71 points, or 0.6 percent, to 2,765.31. Qualcomm is one of the biggest makers of processors that power smartphones and other mobile devices. It\'s adding to an environment in which the market is a bit more nervous." In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng was unchanged. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Economists had forecast 7 per cent growth. But the case carries significant risk for the president, too. @ We were not really thinking the same with Mike Pompeo, we have a very similar thought process . . . This is actually a slower rate of decline than in the years between 2000 and 2008.The internet’s original sin was identified as early as 1993 in a New Yorker cartoon. “ That anonymity has brought some benefits. If you do not know the provenance and integrity of information and data, how can you trust their veracity?', '2018-03-15': ': U.S. stocks sank again Wednesday as investors worried about tariffs and rising trade tensions. Before the correction, investors were almost bulletproof." Elsewhere, banks fell along with bond yields. The Nasdaq composite fell 14.20 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,496.81. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she can\'t predict if those talks will succeed. Spending at restaurants, clothiers and building materials stores also increased. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The size of the stake at the time of the sale was not clear. Those concerns have even bled over into transactions not involving China. Unemployment is almost nonexistent, stock prices are at record highs, and there is almost no inflation. From one day to the next, you can be fired." Contracts could be renewed only once rather than three times. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT. The portents for the world are far-reaching. In practice they amount to the same thing. Both of these assumptions are now shattered. He accused Russia of "ripping up the international rulebook" and "attempting to "subvert, undermine and influence" countries around the world. " Russia should shut up and go away," Williamson said. " But it has been weighed down by a $20 billion debt load for years. Six Gone From ‘Phenomenal Team’; How Many More to Go? : After A Year In Space, NASA Astronaut\'s Gene Expression Has Changed.', '2018-03-16': 'Ecological Bounty: Running Rewilded, Wolves Help Park : The cascade of ecological benefits that followed the return of wolves to Yellowstone National Park and Idaho suggests opportunities for similar efforts around the planet. The protest against the anthem represents a wider backlash against Beijing’s increasing interventions in the city. People gather near the Slovak National Uprising square in Bratislava on Friday. CNN\'s Lauren Moorhouse, Jason Hanna, Spencer Feingold, Sheena McKenzie and Ivana Kottasova contributed to this report.: June, 2005 Analysis: Well, we all know what happened. By December 2007, the United States was officially in the Great Recession. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. He was made to be a spokesman for an administration in that kind of economy." JUST WATCHEDTrump and Kim: What could go right (or wrong)?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHTrump and Kim: What could go right (or wrong)? But as a shareholder, I voted against it." Apple has called the arrangement an "extortion scheme." A Qualcomm spokeswoman declined to comment, as did an Apple spokeswoman. That phone, the iPhone 8 and the X may contain either a Qualcomm or an Intel chip.) On Thursday, Qualcomm was trading at around $60.', '2018-03-17': 'Russia expels 23 British diplomats in spy attack row - CNN : Russia expels 23 UK diplomats as fallout over nerve agent attack grows : Moscow (CNN)Russia\'s Foreign Ministry ordered the expulsion of 23 British diplomats from Russia on Saturday in a tit-for-tat response to Britain\'s decision to expel Russian envoys in connection with the poisoning of a former Russian double agent and his daughter on British soil. The British Council is a cultural institute with artistic, language and educational programs. Nerve gas attack unsettles residents in English cathedral cityThe UK diplomats have a week to leave, the Russian Foreign Ministry said, adding that its actions came "in response to the provocative actions of the British side and groundless accusations" against Russia over the Salisbury attack. The pair remain critically ill in the hospital. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, speaking to CNN, slammed that remark. " Any reference or mentioning of our President is nothing else but shocking and unpardonable diplomatic misconduct. Military personnel wearing protective suits remove a police car and other vehicles from a public car park on March 11, 2018, in Salisbury, England. The Kremlin has always denied the accusation. CNN\'s Radina Gigova and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report.', '2018-03-18': 'On Uber’s Tail in Australia : Ola hopes to become a rare consumer technology firm in India that breaks away from home and grows in a well-to-do market where it can charge more. Putin Wins Fourth Term in Russia Election, and Broad Mandate to Pursue Policies : Voters came out in smaller numbers than the Kremlin had hoped, but the result showed that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia enjoys broad approval among the people. Putin calls claims Russia poisoned ex-spy \'nonsense,\' \'delirium\' - CNN : Putin calls claims Russia poisoned ex-spy \'nonsense,\' \'delirium\' :  (CNN)Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday sloughed off the notion that Russia was behind the poisoning of a former Russian spy and his daughter, saying "any sensible person would understand that this is delirium and nonsense, it is unthinkable that we would do such a thing. Russia does not have any such agents, we destroyed it all. The OPCW, based in The Hague, implements the Chemical Weapons Convention. It says they are stored securely and disposed of safely when no longer required. \' Their response has been a sort of mixture of smug sarcasm and denial, obfuscation and delay. The British Council is a cultural institute with artistic, language and educational programs. " CNN\'s Stephanie Halasz, Steve George, Laura Smith-Spark and Matthew Chance contributed to this report.', '2018-03-19': 'New York Lawmaker Who Set House Rules and Played by Her Own : The New York lawmaker had held one of the most partisan posts in Congress but managed to win affection and admiration from both sides of the aisle. Women At Work: \'Pre-Apprenticeships\' Boost Female Construction Workers : The construction field is a hard one to crack, particularly if you’re a woman. We were pressured exactly at the moment when we needed to mobilise [voters]. were in favour of continuing to work on solutions within the framework of the G20. But Now They\'re Hitting His People — And Anyone Could Be Next. : The hackers are improving their strategies for stealing private emails to sway public actions. The more time your eyeballs are on something, the larger the impact,” she says. @ Read MorePeople wait for election results in Manezhnaya Square, near the Kremlin in Moscow on Sunday. The Communist Party\'s Pavel Grudinin came in at a distant second with 11.8%. They need a proper opposition," Navalny said Sunday. " Norway\'s foreign ministry refused to recognize the vote in Crimea. Mistrust, armament and a climate of insecurity contribute to instability. " European Union chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier, right, and British Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis.', '2018-03-20': 'Explosion At FedEx Facility Outside San Antonio May Be Linked To Austin Bombings, FBI Says : The package blew up on a conveyor belt in a local sorting facility in Schertz, Texas. Craigslist\'s Sex Work Ads Saved 2,150 Women\'s Lives. But it got more support than expected, and activists say it\'s given them momentum. We are willing to reinforce them and look at others. ” Facebook was the worst-performing stock in the S&P 500 on Monday, posting its biggest one-day decline since March 2014. That\'s going to be the same here for Facebook. Goldman Sachs has a buy rating on Facebook\'s stock. It also gathered data on a person\'s Facebook friends, according to the newspapers. Both Kogan and Cambridge Analytica have denied wrongdoing. " People say goodbye outside the Russian Embassy in London on Tuesday. Read MoreThe pair remain critically ill in the hospital. But we are leaving this country with light hearts as we are returning home. " They are now treating the case as murder. But traffic is growing faster than we are able to build road space. China has only a limited number of other steel products. The more the US imposes costs on trade, the more other countries impose on trade. That could pose a dangerous precedent in future trade negotiations. We will probably be meeting in the not-too-distant future.', '2018-03-21': 'Illinois primary election results: Billionaire Pritzker wins Dem nomination - CNNPolitics : Billionaire Pritzker, incumbent Rauner to face off in Illinois governor\'s race : (CNN)The big money favorites prevailed on Tuesday in the Illinois gubernatorial primaries, CNN projects, setting the stage for what could be the most expensive governor\'s race in US history. One of them is Bruce Rauner and the other one is (Democratic House Speaker Mike) Madigan. Those two actually have a lot more in common than Jeanne Ives. " On that call, I was not my best self," he said. " JUST WATCHEDCan we save our oceans from plastic?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHCan we save our oceans from plastic? The UK economy relies heavily on oceans with 95% of trade traveling by sea. " This is the thing that\'s the most disconcerting. We\'re not just not addressing it, we\'re adding to it." It\'s close to the perfect storm coming together with these risks of overheating." It reverberates throughout the U.S. economy." Economists are famously terrible at predicting recessions. And although the current expansion has been durable, it has not been particularly strong. AuthorAffiliation Follow Ben Casselman on Twitter: @bencasselman. Photograph This month is the 10th anniversary of the collapse of the investment bank Bear Stearns. Investors were disappointed with Oracle\'s third-quarter report. How dangerous is Vladimir Putin’s Russia? And this is very, very concerning to me . . . Normally, a president entering his fourth term in office is a known quantity.', '2018-03-22': ': When Jerome Powell presided over his first policy move as chairman of the Federal Reserve on Wednesday, it was against a backdrop of very good economic news: Unemployment is low and falling; inflation is low and stable; financial markets remain buoyant. He said at one point he seeks to take a "middle ground" on policy. " That is, you can really know only what happened in the past, while making decisions about what will happen in the future. He\'s barely a month into the job, but we\'ll soon find out just how skilled a driver Mr. Powell really is. Photograph Jerome Powell during his first news conference as chairman of the Federal Reserve on Wednesday in Washington. ( Rising US interest rates have pushed the gap with equivalent rates in Hong Kong to their widest in a decade, sapping the strength of the local currency that has been pegged to the US dollar since Ronald Reagan was in the White House and been central to the prosperity of the region. @ This undershot market predictions, but profit margins gained slightly. In the past the group was criticised for not growing the segment aggressively enough. To rehydrate, securities issuance rather than strong green tea, a traditional hangover cure, is required. Larger banks are thought to be more insulated.', '2018-03-23': 'China responds to Trump tariffs with proposed list of 128 US products to target : The world\'s second-largest economy has responded to President Donald Trump\'s controversial trade tariffs. The statement did not go into greater detail. Western investors have long been beguiled by the sheer size of the Chinese market. In a few months, STX, the second-tier Hollywood studio whose backers include Beijing-based Hony Capital, is expected to list its shares in Hong Kong. Asian markets followed the US lower on Friday. @ We have a tremendous intellectual property theft situation going on." Eventually they will feed into higher consumer prices," he said. Those include electric vehicles, high-tech shipping and aerospace technology. Senator Pat Roberts, Republican of Kansas, said, "We\'re in a dire fix." Mr. Lighthizer acknowledged those concerns. " It\'s something we\'re very sympathetic to." Credit: MARK LANDLER and JIM TANKERSLEY; Chris Buckley contributed reporting from Beijing. China said it would take legal action under the World Trade Organisation framework. But the federal government is standing in their way. How can we protect ourselves against protectionism? But the strength of the signal sent was unmistakable.', '2018-03-24': 'President’s Son-in-Law Works Quietly To Mend Frayed Relations With Mexico : Allies of Jared Kushner and Mexican officials say he has worked, with some success, to preserve a relationship that has been corroded by President Trump’s clashes with his Mexican counterpart. Stocks on Wall Street closed lower on Friday, ending the worst week for the Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index in two years, as investors weighed a brewing trade war between China and the United States that could hobble an otherwise healthy global economy. Markets in New York tumbled through the afternoon. In Tokyo, major exporters like Toyota and Sony helped to lead a 4.5 percent drop in the key index. This nine-year bull market has been sustained by a growing economy in a low inflation, low interest rate world. Now those conditions are called into question." The exempted group also includes Canada, Mexico, Australia, Argentina, Brazil and South Korea. The stakes are too high and there would be no winner." The Chinese government has the ability to deliver against that reasonable expectation." Credit: JACK EWING and ALEXANDRA STEVENSON; Jack Ewing reported from Frankfurt, and Alexandra Stevenson from Hong Kong. Cao Li contributed research from Hong Kong. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Ewing and Alexandra Stevenson on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT and @jotted.', '2018-03-26': 'Giant Animatronic T-Rex Bursts Into Flame Because Even Robots Are Done With 2018 : "Electrical issue" blamed for loss of 24-foot-tall T. rex. A co-owner of the water park is among those facing charges. The UK has already expelled 23 Russian diplomats. The request was sent to the Russian Embassy today," the ministry said in a statement. Such an incident must have consequences." It represents the most forceful action that President Donald Trump has taken against Russia to date. CNN\'s Sheena McKenzie, Sebastian Shukla, Zahra Ullah, Carol Jordan and Nada Bashir contributed to this report. Trade wars do not make a great backdrop for share investment. GOP Rep. Won’t Seek Re-Election After Pennsylvania Redraws Districts : Congressman Ryan Costello called the announcement the "most difficult decision I can recall having to make. " Indeed many of the sectors, such as pork, are already oversupplied in China. @ More than a third of the soyabeans consumed in China are imported from the US.Chinese outbound investment is set to reach as high as $2.5tn over the next decade despite rising protectionism, according to new research, suggesting that annual totals will regularly beat the record set in 2016 before Beijing’s broad crackdown on “irrational” dealmaking. @ On Thursday the White House said it would impose restrictions on Chinese investments in sensitive industries, without providing more details. @ “ Giant Animatronic T-Rex Bursts Into Flame Because Even Robots Are Done With 2018 : "Electrical issue" blamed for loss of 24-foot-tall T. rex.', '2018-03-27': 'Brexit: From a \'titanic success\' to avoiding a \'Mad Max dystopia\' - CNN : From \'titanic success\' to \'Mad Max\': How language around Brexit changed : London (CNN)Britain will leave the European Union on March 29, 2019 -- but quite what Brexit will entail depends on who you listen to. After all, the reality often appears so grim. Unfortunately, with a tendency to make unguarded off-the-cuff remarks, Davis hasn\'t always helped himself. Unfortunately for Fox, his prediction landed somewhat wide of the mark. But in his country\'s response to the alleged nerve agent attack in the UK, he may have overplayed his hand. " Military personnel wearing protective suits remove a police car from a parking lot as they investigate the poisoning. Then there were the contradictory accounts. We have great trust in what they have done and what they will do. " said Ben Cardin, a Democrat on the Senate foreign relations committee. Debt should not become more expensive at the same time as share prices are rising. The Nasdaq added 227.88 points, or 3.3 percent, to 7,220.54. That prompted fears the spat might depress trade worldwide and set back the global economic recovery. Higher yields are good for banks, because they drive up interest rates on mortgages and other loans, making them more profitable for lenders.', '2018-03-28': 'UK proposes deposit-return program to tackle plastic pollution - CNN : UK proposes deposit-return program to tackle plastic pollution :  (CNN)Prices for beverages in glass, plastic or metal containers may go up slightly in the UK if a deposit-return program is put in place, but consumers will get cash back if they recycle them. Related: How our throwaway culture is turning the sea into a graveyardJUST WATCHEDCan we save our oceans from plastic?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHCan we save our oceans from plastic? the organization said on its verified twitter account. Malfunction at Fertility Clinic Leads to Loss of More Than 4,000 Eggs and Embryos : The clinic said about 950 patients were affected by the problem with the storage tank this month, in which the tank’s temperature rose and an alarm did not go off. Maryland Democrats Went Too Far In Gerrymandering. The Supreme Court Appears Unsure What To Do About It. : The justices voiced skepticism about a novel legal theory that challenges partisan gerrymanders on First Amendment grounds. Conservative lawmaker gets called out on Twitter. However, this month it said it had entered into partnership with WeChat Pay in the western region. Every March, top corporate and financial executives fly to Beijing for the Chinese Communist party’s premier networking event. As one foreign executive said: “It’s not a ‘choice’. But what if their joint venture partners do not want to sell? These two trains remain on a collision course.', '2018-03-29': ': Wall Street struggled to find direction on Wednesday, eventually closing with a loss for the second straight day. Energy stocks fell in tandem with crude oil prices. Those losses outweighed gains by drugstore chains, health care companies and other stocks. We\'ve forgotten that this is more like the way things are, that markets do react to news that comes in." The yield on the 10-year Treasury held at 2.78 percent. Facebook said early Wednesday that it would give its privacy tools a makeover. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. But its mistakes can be grave, and they leave the public with a negative impression. The U.S. Consulate in St. Petersburg will be closed. They had been hospitalized in a critical condition since the attack. She has responded well to treatment but continues to receive expert clinical care 24 hours a day," Dr. Christine Blanshard, Medical Director for Salisbury District Hospital, said in a statement. Yulia was visiting her father at the time they were poisoned. CNN\'s Zahra Ullah, Carol Jordan, Darya Tarasova and Lorenzo D\'Agostino contributed to this report. He said those countries had been put under "the greatest pressure of the United States and the Great Britain. " They bring advantages in terms of parking and congestion charges. Why then, as a reasonably informed citizen, do I not have one?', '2018-03-30': 'Facebook Employees Are Outraged About -- Wait For It -- Their Own Online Privacy : The company\'s reaction to a leaked internal memo shows a shocking lack of self-awareness. The latest development was first reported by Le Monde and confirmed by a judicial source close to the case. @ A spokeswoman for Mr Sarkozy did not return calls seeking comment. Census Bureau Expert Adviser Rips Decision To Add A Citizenship Question : “I want to say in no uncertain terms that I think this is an absolutely awful decision.": Just a year ago, Tesla looked like a rising force destined to revolutionize the auto industry. In just the past week, Tesla\'s troubles have intensified. Tesla has been living on borrowed time and money for quite some time." Tesla shares dropped 8 percent on Tuesday and another 8 percent Wednesday, and though they regained ground Thursday, they have lost almost a quarter of their value in less than three weeks. Those that will mature in 2025 traded at about 88 cents on the dollar on Thursday. The company is expected to release first-quarter production totals in early April. They need to re-establish credibility with the capital markets." Photograph A Tesla charging station in Silicon Valley. There is much to be said for such a tactical approach.', '2018-03-31': 'As bail has grown into a $2 billion industry, bond agents have become the payday lenders of the criminal justice world, offering quick relief to desperate customers at high prices. Saving a Fussy Eater In Europe, With Help From 50,000 Rabbits : After nearing extinction 20 years ago, the Iberian lynx has made a comeback in southern Spain and Portugal, thanks to a vast recovery program funded by the European Union. Laura Ingraham Announces Week Off Air As Advertisers Flee : Almost a dozen advertisers have dropped her Fox News show after she mocked a teenage survivor of the Florida school massacre. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova told CNN on Saturday that the number was calculated to ensure the two nations achieve parity in how many staff members they have working at their diplomatic missions. " The UK Security Minister said the search was "routine. "" Once these checks were carried out the plane was allowed to carry on with its onward journey. " The UK is also considering Russia\'s request for consular access to Yulia Skripal, whose condition has improved since being poisoned by the Novichok nerve agent in Salisbury. We insist on the right to see her, in accordance with the 1968 Consular Convention. " CNN\'s Emma Burrows reported from Moscow, and Hilary Clarke wrote in London.', '2018-04-01': 'As Facebook Struggles, Rivals Stay (Mostly) Mum : Tim Cook and Ginni Rometty have recently criticized Facebook. But don’t expect a long lineup of other tech industry leaders to speak out anytime soon. At least three soldiers and four civilians also died. The most surprising thing about the wobbly stock market of 2018 is that investors haven\'t panicked -- or at least that they haven\'t panicked much. That\'s the view of James W. Paulsen, chief investment strategist of the Leuthold Group, an investment research firm based in Minneapolis. I think a much bigger panic is probably going to happen," he said. " And I think the best thing for the market would be if it happened soon and we could just move on from there." It implies that far bigger declines may be on the way. With the Dow in the 20,000-plus-range, a 100-point drop is barely worth noticing: It amounts to less than half a percentage point. The market needs to catch up with itself." Capital Economics expects the stock market to be lower then than it is now. Organization Oversaw For-Profit Colleges That Imploded. Gov. \'Moonbeam\' Brown\'s Office Uses Trump\'s Own Words To Defend Pardons : Trump touted second chances for former prisoners the day before he blasted California Gov. Jerry Brown for giving ex-convicts a ... second chance.', '2018-04-02': 'Eager Refugees Courted for Jobs In Tight Market : In a tight labor market, positions in poultry plants and lumber mills can be tough to fill. But that spells opportunity for recruiters like Ray Wiley. Tax rates in the two cities ranged from 0.4 per cent to 1.2 per cent. As long as the privilege was not abused, users appeared happy to go along with it. @ Yet this minimum standard has not been met. The first step is tougher law enforcement. When businesses break laws, suitable penalties should ensue. Much like an environmental disaster, data spills need cleaning up. Two explanations were touted for their success. Mortgage Rates Are Higher This is the simplest to calculate. I think the rate of house price growth will soften." Many members of that large generation are now in their 30s, marrying and having children. That appears to be changing as they get older. Photograph A home near the Apple campus in Sunnyvale, Calif., in March. The White House, until Monday, claimed he quit. Republican Women Running For Office Find Politics Is All About Trump : The Republican Party, voters and candidates alike, has long been less accepting of what has become known as “identity politics: SILVER SPRING, Md. -- With forecasters expecting the unemployment rate to sink further this week, the chorus of complaints about worker shortages -- from custodians to computer prodigies -- has swelled.', '2018-04-03': 'DOJ Slaps Quotas On Immigration Judges To Speed Deportations : Immigration judges will have to handle 700 cases a year to avoid an unsatisfactory rating. The Trump Bump is becoming the Trump Slump. Asian markets fell more modestly in early Tuesday trading. And there\'s little prospect of the messes dissipating anytime soon. It also could be a danger for the United States economy. On any given day, a particular sector might be clobbered. With No Room for Washers, Laundromats Proliferate : Apartments are getting smaller as the prices for them rise. But that’s still short of the goal set by Elon Musk.: But the group had made it clear to the White House that it would not be pleased with any measure that had tariffs "as the primary or even a significant remedy." " These new tariffs are a drag on their ability to make ends meet." Restrictions on Chinese investment are expected to follow in the coming weeks. Everybody needs to relax," Mr. Navarro said. " Follow Ana Swanson on Twitter: @AnaSwanson. Photograph A Chinese state-owned steel plant in Hebei. PHOTOGRAPHS BY KEVIN FRAYER/GETTY IMAGES; GERRY BROOME/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A12)For First Time, Cruz Faces  A Well-Funded Democrat : Ted Cruz kicked off his re-election bid this week. That makes the prized medicinal root a fitting symbol for a trade skirmish that could disproportionately affect farming communities in the US heartland. @ The email to the editor was to the point.', '2018-04-04': "CNN Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin Has An Ominous New Warning For Trump : Jeffrey Toobin said new revelations spell bad news for the president. Woman Fired After Flipping Off Trump's Motorcade Sues Former Employer : Juli Briskman claims Akima LLC broke state law when it fired her over a viral photo of her presidential insult. His destination emerged on Tuesday as being Google’s arch rival. @ @ “ Apple did not respond to requests for further comment on the appointment. @ I am definitely not worried about the AI apocalypse. Yet Beijing’s support is not without limits. Frustration is also growing with the Venezuelan authorities, whose incompetence and corruption have led to a dramatic drop in oil production. However, it did not rule out fresh capital raising. They occurred in the context of a relatively strong global economy, continued progress in the orderly normalisation of US monetary policy and reawakened sensitivities to political risk. A summit in prospect with America’s Donald Trump. The international community should welcome Mr Kim’s visit to Beijing. The alternative might well have been war. Only months ago Mr Trump was promising to rain fire and fury on Pyongyang to destroy its nuclear weapons programme. The potential costs of a military conflict are incalculable. Now, on the face of it, we have the prospect of real diplomacy.", '2018-04-05': 'Growing Crisis Threatens E.P.A. Chief as Top Aides Eye the Exits : A star in President Trump\'s campaign to roll back regulations, he now faces a swirl of ethics questions and may be losing the confidence of the White House. I woke up over a week ago now and am glad to say my strength is growing daily. Yulia Skripal, seen in a Facebook photo, was poisoned while visiting her father. You started a wave that even reached New York," he said. Asked whether he might return also, Yakovenko said: "That is his choice. He decided to live here in the UK, no problem. Because from the point of the Russian state, Russia has no problem with him." CNN was also unable to confirm the authenticity or veracity of the recording. We will see what will be the outcome of that visit. CNN\'s Emma Burrows, Schams Elwazer, Sebastian Shukla, Katie Polglase Richard Roth and Kara Fox contributed to this report. It was carried out recklessly and it was carried out without regard for public safety." The growth outlook is more uncertain than it was." The nominations require Senate confirmation. One village shows he is right -- and wrong. There are days when we don\'t do anything." Whatever figures you look at, they are clearly improving." The country\'s credit ratings have improved.', '2018-04-06': ': Until Thursday afternoon, there had been a reassuring sense of restrained, tit-for-tat reciprocity in the trade skirmish between the United States and China. They have all of these unconventional weapons that are not covered by traditional trading rules that could be potent weapons in actually fighting a trade war." The Americans put tariffs on steel and aluminum; China responds by taxing American pork. But just because matters have been calibrated thus far doesn\'t mean they will stay that way. American financial markets have been swinging wildly in recent weeks as investors revise their predictions for what might come next. 1 lender to exert pressure in a trade war? Markets in Hong Kong were closed for a holiday. Amazon led retail companies higher with a gain of $41.18, or 2.9 percent, to $1,451.75. Investors are expecting another quarter of strong profit growth. " That sent interest rates higher, which helped banks. CNN\'s Katie Polglase and Sebastian Shukla contributed to this report. It was because we uncovered too many stories about corruption. It\'s better to stay silent and not get into conflicts. "', '2018-04-07': 'Hungary\'s Strange And Vicious Election Brings Fears For The Future : As Viktor Orbán looks set for a third  consecutive term in power, there is widespread concern about hateful rhetoric and threats to rule of law. CNN)It started with a Sunday morning tweet. Officials are still detailing how many troops will be deployed, exactly where they\'ll go, what their mission will be and how much it will cost. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. March numbers up 37% from Feb (largest one month change in at least 8 years) and TRIPLE over March 2017. As @POTUS has said: All options are on the table. Is the caravan still coming?Yes, but it\'s dispersed into smaller groups. Originally, more than 1,100 people set out on the journey across Mexico. There are no jobs, no justice, no laws in Honduras," she said. CNN\'s Tal Kopan, Clare Foran, Leyla Santiago, Khushbu Shah, Dakin Andone, Ed Lavandera and Gary Tuchman contributed to this report.: He added: "But we\'re going to have a much stronger country when we\'re finished." The gloomy trading day in the United States followed a mixed day elsewhere. Mainland Chinese markets were closed on Friday.) The president acknowledged that the trade friction could take a toll. " The Fed\'s response has been gradual interest-rate increases. AuthorAffiliation Follow Ben Casselman on Twitter: @bencasselman. But the two periods differ in two big ways. Rather, there has been gradual improvement underway for many years that continues apace.', '2018-04-08': "The Federal Reserve’s new chairman has endorsed a “patient” approach to raising interest rates, declaring that gradual moves had already paid off for the US economy and there remains room for more strengthening in America’s robust jobs market. @ Read MoreOrban claimed victory in an address to Fidesz supporters in Budapest. He and Fidesz were expected to be swept back into power. Long lines were reported at polling stations across the country. CNN's Angela Dewan and Hande Atay Alam contributed to this report. But the party has bent its own rules before. When you’re already $500bn DOWN, you can’t lose.” It’s actually been really exciting and invigorating. It is not clear whether he was joking — the remark was made during a light-hearted dinner speech — but, for Mr Trump’s sake, one hopes he meant it. @ Consumption is at last becoming the most important driver of demand in the Chinese economy. This is a long-awaited and desirable adjustment. As the shift is being completed, the country will need to manage an overhang of bad debt. But national savings remained at 50 per cent of GDP. ( This is very high for an emerging country. That would, in turn, be good for China and for the rest of the world. @ The story told by former premier Wen is far from over. But we can now at least envisage a happy ending.", '2018-04-09': 'Joe Manchin Says He Doesn\'t Regret Voting To Confirm Scott Pruitt : The Democratic senator says the EPA chief has been "good for West Virginia. " Hungary: Viktor Orban\'s big victory poses headache for EU - CNN : Hungarian strongman\'s big victory poses headache for EU :  (CNN)Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban\'s decisive victory in parliamentary elections will likely give him sweeping powers to reshape the country and ring alarm bells in other European Union capitals. Orban greets supporters in Budapest on Sunday. It received 19.2% of the votes, the National Election Office said. Long lines were reported at polling stations across the country. CNN\'s Angela Dewan and Hande Atay Alam contributed to this report. They do not clearly say that they would not approve deals from Chinese companies. China had already agreed to ban the items last September as part of a new United Nations Security Council Resolution. Mercifully some bad ideas are put to rest quickly. The offence includes anyone, in or outside Malaysia, sharing news on social media that the authorities decide is false. Her first official visit to Beijing in three years comes just weeks after the opening of direct flights between the two countries. @ It’s an interesting model that others might want to follow,” Mr Singh said. @ Republican lawmakers urged Mr Trump to turn his words into action.', '2018-04-10': 'GOP Senator: It Would Be \'Suicide\' For Trump If He Fires Mueller : “I think the less the president says about this whole thing, the better off he will be," Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said Tuesday. Sinclair News Show Axed After Host Threatens Sexual Assault On Parkland Survivor : Conservative commentator resigns and show is canceled after Twitter rant is exposed. The challenge is partly in comprehending the scale of the opportunity in China, as well as getting set up to participate. Many global managers are disbelieving, sitting in their offices in New York, Boston and London. Retail investors in China own about 54 per cent of the shares that are freely traded in the A-shares market.: Russia paid a price in the financial markets on Monday for its standoff with the West. There\'s a lot of downside, and most of it is geopolitical." President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad." The new round of sanctions jeopardizes those gains. Russia country risk has increased quite substantially." Credit: MATT PHILLIPS; Andrew E. Kramer in Moscow contributed reporting. Shares of the company dropped more than 20 percent on Monday. ( There are certain points of fact on which there should be no disagreement. @ The April activity nowcasts confirm the early indications of slowing\xa0noted last month.', '2018-04-11': 'Steep Slide in Currency Sets Off a Panic in Iran : Businesses are shutting down and throngs of people seeking dollars have been turned away at banks as the rial has dropped by 35 percent this week alone. The speaker had raised more than $54 million for the 2018 elections. Japanese e-commerce giant Rakuten aims for an \'ecosystem\' : Japanese e-commerce firm Rakuten is branching out. There\'s still a lot at stake because you have a global supply chain that could be interrupted because of tariffs." Shortly before noon it rose as much as 532 points. If trade conditions get worse, those companies might face higher costs and lower sales. As many as 87 million users were affected. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( But there is little consensus about how to regulate Silicon Valley. According to The New York Times, United has paused the programme. @ What are the best incentives to offer the individuals and teams in your organisation? The FRC said it would start vetting the suitability of senior appointments at KPMG, Deloitte, PwC, EY, Grant Thornton and BDO. They therefore became shareholders in companies that they barely understood.', '2018-04-12': 'Risks Abound With Any Plan To Strike Syria : A strike in response to a suspected chemical attack comes with perils that worry military planners and diplomats, and a fresh intervention in a combustible region could bring unintended consequences. About 6m enterprises — defined as companies with more than one owner — were registered in China last year, up from 2.5m in 2013, premier Li Keqiang announced in March following a campaign to cut the multiple government approvals entrepreneurs needed to found a business. @ mitigate the possibility of being bribed and thus being at the risk of being caught for corruption.” @ The potential for destructive clashes between the two giants seems potentially unbounded. Yet the two are also intimately intertwined. China is a rival of the US on two dimensions: power and ideology. But it is also potentially far more potent. @ Ford introduced standardised, interchangeable parts, followed by assembly line production. Get ready Russia, because they will be coming, nice and new and ‘smart!’ The prime minister has denied any involvement. BOAO, China -- The International Monetary Fund chief praised his openness. The Philippine president said he loves the man. The timing of reducing trade restrictions may not matter. In this respect, Mr. Xi\'s gesture is seen as too little too late. More than anybody else at this point, I need China." We cannot survive without each other," he said.', '2018-04-13': 'Knowledge Gap Hinders Ability of Congress to Regulate Silicon Valley : After two days of hearings with Mark Zuckerberg, the chief executive of Facebook, lawmakers in both parties said they favor regulatory action, but few thought it was imminent. Investing in Your Hometown Is About Investing Yourself : Many once-great towns in America have lost their luster. Mr. McCabe was fired in March hours before he was eligible for a full pension. But the nation is not yet free of its despotic past. Blake Farenthold Promised To Repay Your $84,000. We encourage him in the strongest possible terms to uphold that promise," say his former House colleagues. China’s dollar-denominated exports fell 2.7 per cent year on year in March, according to figures from the General Administration of Customs, coming in short of a Reuters poll forecasting a 10 per cent increase. @ But the WTO also said it was detecting signs that rising trade tensions may already be having an impact on business confidence and investment decisions. When computers confirm transactions on a blockchain, the infrastructure that records cryptocurrency transfers, they are rewarded in digital money. One crypto-mining script lurks on more than 35,000 websites, according to data from PublicWWW, a search engine for internet source code.', '2018-04-14': 'Cops Arrest 2 Black Men Sitting In Starbucks For \'Trespassing\': Video : The Philadelphia DA\'s Office said there was a "lack of evidence" that the men committed any crime.: With reduced capital buffers, the banks can afford to spend more on repurchasing their shares, distributing dividends to shareholders, paying their employees or lending more to clients. Wells Fargo also reported quarterly earnings on Friday. Investors were not impressed by the banks\' results. Those bases come under the protection of Russian air defense units. Décollage, cette nuit, des forces armées françaises qui interviennent contre l\'arsenal chimique clandestin du régime syrien. A pre-designed scenario is being implemented. We warned that such actions will not be left without consequences. When our President draws a red line, our President enforces a red line. The strikes were launched at 9 p.m. ET, the early hours of Saturday morning for Europe and the Middle East. The Pentagon also said that it was not aware of any civilian causalities at the time. Therefore, we will keep you all abreast of the facts moving forward. " CNN\'s Zachary Cohen, Kevin Liptak, Jen Rizzo, Ryan Browne, Gabi Milian, Jeremy Diamond and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report. --CNBC\'s Amanda Macias contributed to this article. Mission Accomplished!”Trump\'s Strike Won\'t Serve Syrians Or The U.S. : A military response to Assad\'s latest use of chemical weapons is unlikely to prevent more killing or diminish the influence of Russia and Iran.', '2018-04-15': 'Joy Reid Mocks America\'s Invisible Man In The Middle East: \'Where\'s Jared?\' : Much of the loss occurred at exactly the wrong time. A bond fund\'s total return is the sum of the interest paid plus changes in bond prices.) Bonds provide liquidity and courage when stocks are falling." But most investors don\'t have that problem. Moreover, Treasuries are quite sensitive to rate increases, and Ms. Jones found that the credit quality of the corporate bonds in the index had decreased since the financial crisis. " They seemed not to have a care in the world as 2018 began. Solar panels and washing machines were his first targets. The early days of April have been rocky as well. Will a court order change the practice, or institutionalize it?: These include Sears, Payless and Guitar Center Holdings. When the stress is great enough, companies can fail. Mr. Wildstein said the retail industry was "bifurcated." " We are monitoring that closely," he said. Wix customers can pay nothing for basic service or pay up for more features. Among those themes are cloud computing, big data and sustainable energy. They went through their own depression, and they\'ve just emerged from that.', '2018-04-16': ': Savers should finally be getting a break. But as any saver can tell you, some short-term rates have barely budged. So keeping those rates as far apart as possible, for as long as possible, helps their bottom line. One reason is that they don\'t really need the money. Traditional banks may also be starting to notice. Economists refer to such psychic barriers to consumer change as "switching costs." Photograph A Citibank branch in New York\'s Financial District advertising savings account rates. Though Comey Reviles Trump, Clinton’s Staunchest Supporters Remain Outraged : Mrs. Clinton’s former aides are still too angry at the former F.B.I. director to see past what they view as egregious actions that handed the White House to Donald J. Trump. Moscow blamed the United Nations for the delay. Russia, which denied involvement, responded with its own diplomat expulsions. " The bubbling controversy exploded into a full-blown scandal at the weekend. Home Secretary Amber Rudd apologized in Parliament. But many have gone through months of agony. Glenda Caesar was just six months old in 1961 when she traveled from Dominica to the UK with her parents. What is going on is grotesque, immoral and inhumane. Panasonic is facing an identity crisis. @ State news agency Xinhua\xa0said the pilot will focus on sectors including seeds, agriculture, medical care, sports, telecommunication and finance. China and the US are like an old married couple. A new counterweight to economic mercantilism is sorely needed.', '2018-04-17': 'Tesla to Pause Production of Model 3s to Speed Up Pace : The maker of electric cars expects to idle its assembly line for several days to clear impediments that have held production well below the company’s targets. But by Monday morning it was unmissable. @ The wider Russian market was down 10 per cent. After years of covering quarterly earnings seasons, I am heartily sick of them. Whatever the consensus earnings forecasts for year-on-year growth are, expect a surprise and add on another three percentage points or so. @ I am delighted to say, therefore, that this time is different. Britain and the US have moved against one of China’s biggest telecoms equipment makers, adding to a growing list of restrictions imposed by western governments on Chinese companies on national security grounds. @ The most obvious danger comes from Hungary. Viktor Orban has just regained power after a big election victory. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. I want to reassure you that I take this issue very seriously I will be ensuring the Home Office is dealing with this as well and efficiently and swiftly as they can and giving people every support that we can give them," May said. "', '2018-04-18': 'Chuck Todd Slams Fox News For Sean Hannity\'s Michael Cohen Connection : "No serious news org would allow someone this conflicted to cover this story," he said. Global economic expansion has entered its 10th year. Conditions remain favourable despite higher equity volatility. But he won in pushing for a limited attack. He withdrew from the deal his first week in office before saying he had second thoughts. In Pro-Trump Tennessee, Can Popular Democrat Flip Senate Seat? : This could be one of the greatest booms ever," the president said. " Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. It reported profits of $2.8 billion, compared with $2.3 billion a year earlier. Investors apparently want something more. I don\'t think we\'re getting indications thus far on the earnings calls that the outlook is much better than what\'s already been anticipated." AuthorAffiliation Follow Emily Flitter on Twitter: @FlitterOnFraud. The House of Lords is now considering other amendments to the proposed legislation. Goods made outside the union are allowed to circulate freely once they\'ve gained initial entry. Our policy on this subject is very clear. Electric shock marks from a hot-water boiler cord were found in his mouth. And investigative reporters are not the only ones who are the victims of mysterious falls. There are so many things that have gone wrong.', '2018-04-19': 'S.E.C. Proposal Requiring Brokers to Put Customers First Is Met With Skepticism : Hoping to strengthen consumer protections, the agency voted to propose rules that would require brokers to put their customers’ financial interests ahead of their own. The world economy is enjoying a period of strong economic growth. This, then, is a time of fragile recovery. @ Even so, monetary policy would not be tight by historical standards: the expected policy rate is below 3 per cent even in early 2021. Solid gains in industrial stocks and retailers outweighed losses among food and beverage companies, technology stocks and banks. Not all companies delivered welcome results. The market wants to see more consistent evidence of strong earnings." The technology company\'s results failed to impress investors. The market seems very comfortable between this $58 and $70-ish area." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( It is easy to see how the pitch to investors went. Police accused Dr Tan of causing Hongmao $223,000 in losses. @ But American brands are popular in China — and Chinese workers make many of their products.', '2018-04-20': "Kangaroo Dies After Visitors At Chinese Zoo Hurl Rocks To Force Her To Jump : A male kangaroo at the same zoo was injured after a brick chunk was thrown at him. That would lead to higher federal payments. The US Commerce department banned American companies from doing any business with ZTE on Monday. Oil prices hit their highest level since 2014 on Thursday, moving above $74 a barrel and lifting energy companies to the top of global stock indices. @ reduce their reliance not just on Chinese knock-offs but also Russian systems,” said Peter Navarro, assistant to the president for trade and manufacturing. From competition we see productivity, we see innovation. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index fell 15.51 points, or 0.6 percent, to 2,693.13. Qualcomm withdrew one proposal for the deal Monday and submitted another. And most have reported earnings and sales that beat financial analysts' forecasts. But that has not necessarily translated into gains for shareholders. Some corporate report cards did impress investors. Rising bond yields helped push bank shares higher. When bond yields rise, they drive up interest rates on mortgages and other loans, which can translate into bigger profits for banks.", '2018-04-21': 'Montana Democrat Rips Sinclair Broadcasting In Ad On Sinclair Stations : Congressional candidate John Heenan says the local news giant is abusing its power and taking advantage of journalists. Democrats Look To Their Successful 2006 Messaging In Bid To Retake The House : Going after a GOP "culture of corruption" worked then. Will it work now?Kim’s Tactic: Bluff to Gain? : Cubans Doubt a Change at the Top Will Bring Change at the Bottom : On the streets of Havana, the passing of power out of the hands of the Castro family was met with a collective sense of apathy. E.P.A. Chief’s Ethics Woes Have Echoes in His Past : The E.P.A. chief is under scrutiny for high spending and interactions with lobbyists. Many of the pitfalls he has encountered in Washington have echoes in his past. Incursions By Turkey Put Greece On Alert : Incursions by Turkish military ships and jets into Greek territory have spiked and the potential for conflict is the greatest it has been in 20 years. Colin Kaepernick Receives Amnesty International\'s Highest Honor For Activism : The NFL quarterback took a knee during the national anthem to protest police brutality and inequality, stirring a wave of activism in pro sports.', '2018-04-22': ': By a lot of measures, these are very good times for the global economy. We\'re paid to find problems and challenges. I think the markets, on the other hand, are pretty good at living in the moment." What are these policymakers so worried about? Or is the world economy, for all its apparent prosperity, actually in peril? Let\'s look at the interrelated threats the economists see. Trade War Worries President Trump tweeted last month that trade wars are "good, and easy to win," but it is safe to say that leading economic policymakers do not agree. Essentially the Trump administration pattern so far has been to pair belligerent language with comparatively restrained action. Neither has much evident political appetite to do so. Currently, that target rate is between 1.5 percent and 1.75 percent. Even when enjoying sunny weather, it never hurts to know what you\'ll do if it starts to rain. PHOTOGRAPH BY SHAWN THEW/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY, VIA SHUTTERSTOCK)Mitt Romney Fails To Secure Utah Senate GOP Nomination, Will Face Primary : Romney fell short of getting the nod at the state\'s Republican Convention.', '2018-04-23': 'Rand Paul Flip-Flops On Secretary Of State Nominee Mike Pompeo : The CIA director received a favorable endorsement from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Global trade matters, but capital matters more. @ Take the recent gyrations of the US dollar. These speculative flows are now starting to return home, pulled back by better economic news. Michael Howell is managing director of CrossBorder Capital. Today it is creeping back from the fringes. Its return is most remarkable in the US and Britain. Anti-Semitism channels hatred of modernity. Whether Mr Trump stokes it unwittingly is an open question. Cuomo’s Emergency Order on Public Housing May Carry Big Costs for City : New York City officials, even those who praised Mr. Cuomo’s executive order, were stunned by one clause: The city must pay for public housing repairs. A dramatic example of this occurred recently. It culminated in the Oroville Dam disaster, which forced 250,000 people to evacuate their homes. Toss in regular Santa Ana winds to fuel the flames, and the result is devastating wildfires. CNN\'s Judson Jones contributed to this report.: The private sector has been more welcoming. But that impressive streak comes with an asterisk. The epidemic has grown to almost every city and state." " The vast majority were flagged by computers.', '2018-04-24': 'Jake Tapper Mocks Donald Trump\'s Nickname Fail: \'He\'s Lost His Ability\' : "I used to think his branding skill was amazing. " Stocks could not hang on to an early gain and finished mostly lower on Monday as technology companies slipped. That pushed stocks higher by making bonds less appealing by comparison. Duane A. McAllister, senior portfolio manager for Baird Advisors, says he does not think rising yields are a problem for the stock market. It shouldn\'t lead anyone, whether you\'re an individual investor or an institutional investor, to run for the hills." The stocks had rallied after the sanctions were announced. Sears has been closing stores, cutting costs and selling brands as its sales fall. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained 0.9 percent to $74.71 a barrel in London. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. We\'re having very good discussions," he added. We\'re not going to take the North Koreans at their word. We\'ve seen some steps in the right direction but we have a long way to go. It would be very easy for me to make a simple deal and claim victory. CNN\'s Jamie Tarabay contributed to this report. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Pyongyang is essentially trying to play for time. Rusal makes 6 per cent of the world’s supply of the metal. Laureate did not respond to a request for comment. @ “', '2018-04-25': "Annual Figures Show Slight Rise In Rural Jobs, But Gap With Metro Widens : Rural counties had 750,000 fewer jobs in 2017 than they did in 2008. That’s a drop of 3.5 percent over the nine-year period. In a neutral environment, the margin should be much wider. President Donald Trump won the district by 21 percentage points in 2016 and Mitt Romney won it by 25 percentage points in 2012. Lesko looks like she's going to do about 20 percentage points worse than that. But while Arizona 8 looks pretty much like the average special election so far, there are three reasons why we might have expected Republicans to do significantly better than average. Second, Republicans turned out in this election. She had no major scandals and raised plenty of money. Nafta Rewrite Nears Completion, But Will Congress Approve Deal? : Nashville is already contemplating the impact. John Kirby, then the department’s spokesman, said Congress had decided to approve the sale of eight fighter aircraft to Pakistan. That has spurred a revival of traditional bank lending. Emmanuel Macron and Donald Trump's bromance seemed to truly blossom on Tuesday. Two great narcissists who adore themselves, they love themselves.", '2018-04-26': 'David Zwirner Wants Art Fairs To Help Smaller Galleries : Mr. Zwirner, whose gallery is one of the world’s largest, said he would be willing to pay more for space if it could help smaller galleries take part. The Vatican, Poland and Italy have weighed in. One adviser to the deal raised concerns that the deal could become “collateral damage” in the US-China trade dispute. Retailers and industrial companies also rose. The losing streak was its longest in more than a year. Company profits fuel the stock market, and when they are rising, stocks tend to do well. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP . We now have a solution that will make this possible, which is amazing. The eRoad has many advantages, Säll says. The electricity also isn\'t a risk to humans or animals. " Have your say on CNN Sport\'s Facebook page. Only a quarter of them believe he should. The margin of error is ±6.6 percentage points among Republican voters.', '2018-04-27': 'Republicans Reject Investigation Into Why Paul Ryan Fired House Chaplain : Patrick Conroy was forced out of his job after praying for no “winners and losers” under the GOP tax law. He shares some tips for avoiding crashes. Some indicators are pointing up, some down and some sideways. It\'s hard to know whether growth is losing momentum or just pausing for breath. Every day seems to bring a new indicator that conflicts with one the day before. If he displays confidence, banks will be more eager to lend, businesses may be more willing to invest in expansion and to hire more people and, lo, it will be so. The aim is to gently bring monetary policy back to normal. It paid a dollar an hour more than it did when she left it. We can get it right for the overall economy." Photograph A retail corner in the Flatiron district of Manhattan last week.: Amazon surged and energy companies also climbed. Gold lost 0.4 percent to $1,316.30 an ounce. Shares are set to start trading next Friday. @ JPMorgan and Citigroup are joint sponsors on the deal. She once oversaw a “black site” where terror suspects were subjected to “enhanced interrogation”, better known as torture. The rest of us should therefore be worried. @ Efforts to depict her as villainous are likely to backfire.', '2018-04-28': 'The historic meeting between the leaders of North and South Korea has raised hopes of a formal peace treaty between the two countries, allowing for mutual recognition for the first time since they were established in the aftermath of the second world war. @ This provides consultations via apps and artificial intelligence. The group’s 2017 loss was more than half its revenue. Pundits, stockbrokers and financial journalists like milestones. What is important is the confluence of trends of which that milestone is a part. Both nominal and real (adjusted for inflation expectations) yields are up. As recently as September, that rate was near 2 percent. You see a similar pattern in the bond prices of other advanced nations. Trump administration policies may also be playing a role. This could be another one, and reverse itself soon enough. Photograph Gas prices on display last week in New York. The 2.3 percent figure is moderately encouraging." Businesses responded by replenishing depleted inventories. In the past, the final number has been higher or lower by as much as a percentage point. Asian stocks rose after the summit meeting of the leaders from North and South Korea. The market is getting a little bit spoiled."', '2018-04-29': 'Amber Rudd, UK Home Secretary, resigns over immigration scandal - CNN : UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd resigns over immigration scandal :  (CNN)Embattled British Prime Minister Theresa May lost a key ally late Sunday with the resignation of Home Secretary Amber Rudd, who quit after claiming she "inadvertently misled" government over targets for the deportation of illegal immigrants. She becomes the fourth high-ranking minister to resign from May\'s government in the past six months. Rudd told the committee she had no knowledge of targets. I should have been aware of this, and I take full responsibility for the fact that I was not," Rudd said in her resignation letter. Blame for the scandal was quickly directed toward May. She previously served in the government as secretary of state for energy and climate change, parliamentary under secretary of state for climate change and assistant government whip. May shook up her cabinet last January, but Rudd and other major figures kept their jobs. How To Convict A Rapist : Bill Cosby\'s guilty verdict is a rare victory for survivors. But it will take a lot more to combat sexual assault myths that run rampant in courtrooms. Comey Calls GOP-Led Probe On Russia A \'Wreck,\' Slams Trump\'s Credibility : A House panel\'s finding on collusion was "not my understanding of what the facts were before I left the FBI," he says.', '2018-04-30': "White House: John Kelly Is Great To Women Because He Hates Cursing Around Them : The White House said that's evidence the chief of staff actually treats women really well. Afghanistan Bombings Result in Country's Deadliest Day For Journalists : Ten journalists were killed in a series of attacks on Monday. ICE Chief Announces Retirement : Thomas D. Homan, the agency’s acting director, faced opposition from several Senate Democrats — and even some Republicans — who said he was too aggressive in deporting undocumented immigrants. But it’s not clear what will happen if T-Mobile and Sprint join forces. Marine heat waves caused by global warming killed off and damaged corals in 2016. Most of the impact was along 500 miles of the northern Great Barrier Reef, its most pristine region. The Great Barrier Reef is home to the world's largest collection of coral reefs, with about 400 types of coral and 1,500 species of fish. The reef is worth an estimated $3.7 billion annually to the Australian economy through fishing and tourism. Mysterious Yellowstone Geyser Eruptions Stump Scientists : Steamboat blows but that doesn't mean Yellowstone's supervolcano is going to spew, experts say. But his U.S. Senate confirmation stalled.", '2018-05-01': 'To Punish Rogue States, E.U. Mulls Funding Cuts : In plans for its next multiyear budget, the European Union is considering how to use funding cuts to promote the rule of law and an independent judiciary. Nikol Pashinyan addresses supporters in downtown Yerevan. It remains crucial that all parties involved, including the law enforcement agencies and those exercising their right of freedom of assembly and expression, avoid confrontation and show restraint and responsibility, as has been the case in recent days," the EU said in statement on its website. His deputy, Karen Karapetyan, was then named acting Prime Minister at an emergency Cabinet meeting. A win could threaten Prime Minister Theresa May’s survival. But cruise lines and luxury resorts are lagging. It was the first monthly increase for the market since January as company earnings have come in better than many expected. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 148.04 points, or 0.6 percent, to 24,163.15. It\'s been phenomenal," said Phil Orlando, chief equity market strategist at Federated Investors. " Investors were unsure whether this attempt would receive the necessary approvals from federal regulators. The Fed will announce its decision on Wednesday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Arizona\'s economy is thriving," the governor tweeted. " CNN\'s Dakin Andone, Jason Hanna and Andy Rose contributed to this report.', '2018-05-02': 'Xerox Shuffle Puts Merger In Jeopardy : Shareholders opposing the company’s merger with its Japanese partner have appointed a new chief executive and board as they look to change or derail the deal. Many residents fear a new wave of instability. Spanish security forces will continue chasing the terrorists wherever they are. A year ago, demand was at an all-time high. As Tama Theis, local Republican state legislator, told The Saint Cloud Times, "Gosh dang it, that\'s a hard one." Can they learn anything from places like Stearns County? The other 115 almost matched or outpaced the national trend. The picture in the South and the West is brighter. In 1970, these counties were smaller and younger. Perhaps the best example to follow would be to invest in education. Its medical center alone employs 10,000 people. In practice, that meant Snapchat had two sides. AuthorAffiliation Follow Nellie Bowles on Twitter: @NellieBowles.: PHOTOGRAPH BY MARK SCHIEFELBEIN/ASSOCIATED PRESS): U.S. stocks clawed back early losses Tuesday as Apple led a rally in technology companies. The company also raised its dividend and said it will buy back $100 billion in stock. Markets in France and Germany, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Seoul and most cities in Southeast Asia were closed for public holidays. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2018-05-03': 'Tariffs’ Impact Hits Home in Key House Race in Boeing Country : Democrats have their eye on flipping a congressional seat in a district near Seattle, in a state that has more at stake in a trade war than any other. But China would be the winner in the long run. @ They are not, usually, resigning matters. But you think they are going to cause the organisation damage. Here are my steps to take when you think your company is headed in the wrong direction. His case has renewed a debate about assisted suicide. It now goes to the state\'s Republican governor. We think the US should reflect on its wrong doing. They will decide whether they will deploy these systems or withdraw these systems. " And it\'s in their interest to ensure that there\'s a free navigation of international waters. And so far we haven\'t been successful in that. " This confirmed the timing of plans announced in November. @ Winning a share of that fee pool will, however, require substantial spending on technology and investments in staff at a time when many international managers are struggling to control their cost base. @ Mr Buehlmann says finding suitable staff is not easy. “ The available talent with experience is limited. A quarter of the country’s population will be 60 or older by 2030.', '2018-05-04': '1 Year After Obamacare Repeal Vote, GOP Has Largely Dropped The Cause : Republicans are running far fewer ads mentioning Obamacare than they have in the past. That could change if mutual fund investors favored companies with more female managers. Fox News Host Neil Cavuto Tells Trump He Stinks In Fiery Takedown : "I guess you’re too busy draining the swamp to ever stop and smell the stink you’re creating. " Both have a vintage offering on their sites. @ Prospective purchasers can then bid from anywhere in the world, pay electronically and have it delivered to their door by courier. US soyabean exports to China were worth $12bn last year. That kept the reading above the 50-point line separate expansion from contraction. @ Input costs and prices charged both rose at slower rates than in March, pointing to easing inflationary pressures. Thanks to another gain in Boeing, it ended slightly higher. Companies including insurer AIG, prescription drug distributor Cardinal Health and music streaming service Spotify suffered big losses. Banks declined along with interest rates. People are getting far ahead of themselves." But she said it might take weeks or even months before that happens.', '2018-05-05': 'Airbnb Report Erred, Says Data Provider : The report by the city comptroller made mistakes in how it interpreted the data, according to the company upon whose data the report was based.: The last time the unemployment rate fell below the 4 percent threshold was in 2000, during a period of frenetic activity remembered as the dot-com boom. President Trump crowed about the landmark on Friday, tweeting, "4% is Broken!" A lot has changed since the turn of the century. Men have been dropping out for much longer. And those still working have not helped push wages up. Manufacturing accounted for one in four jobs; today it\'s not even one in 10. We are getting closer and closer to that flash point, but we don\'t know exactly when it is going to happen," she said. His rate for subcontractors has been spiking. There will be bumps in June and August, too. He has had crews leave job sites before finishing a roof because they got a better offer from another contractor. " Credit: NATALIE KITROEFF; Ben Casselman contributed reporting. When you go in with such high expectations, you expect near perfection." It also raised its dividend and announced a big stock repurchase. Bond prices rose early, but later gave up that gain.', '2018-05-06': "Drug Firms Gearing Up For a Fight Over Prices : President Trump will lay out a plan this month to make good on his promise to lower prescription prices. A Generation Of Hungarians Is Leaving Viktor Orban's Far-Right Rule : The country's young people and Jewish groups say low wages and a culture of hate is pushing people abroad. One reason: his increasingly close ties with the military. North Korea May Be Hard To Fully Trust : Inspections to confirm that North Korea had shut down its nuclear program and secure its arms would be far more onerous than those in Iran under a current deal that President Trump wants to end. Gina Haspel Tried To Withdraw From Consideration To Lead The CIA: Report : Haspel's role in the CIA’s use of brutal interrogation measures has generated bipartisan criticism. Ohio Voters Have A Chance To Do Something About Gerrymandering : Republicans currently benefit from gerrymandering in Ohio, but are supporting a ballot measure that could make the redistricting process more fair. Yes, Those Calls You’re Ignoring Are Increasing : The volume of automated phone calls has skyrocketed this year over last, according to a service that tracks them, and complaints have also risen sharply.", '2018-05-07': 'What questions really matter if you want to charge people to manage their money? @ In a nutshell, they were, what do I believe that’s wrong, what can I fathom that others cannot, and what is my brain doing to mislead me? @ This was a great manifesto for conquering mental flaws and heuristics, and for finding the kind of big contrarian calls that can lead to significant outperformance. But a decade on, the battle is with the machines. Spotify shares started trading earlier this month on the New York Stock Exchange: the music streaming company took an unconventional path to public ownership. We put the question to MBA students at some of the world’s top business schools. Iran’s president has warned Donald Trump that he would be making a “historic” mistake if the US were to withdraw from a global nuclear deal with Tehran, as the UK foreign secretary flew to Washington to help save the deal. @ US Treasury yields are rising in anticipation of fiscal expansion and monetary tightening. As Warren Buffett says, “You never know who’s swimming naked until the tide goes out.” But there is also fairly widespread weakness. It is weakened when it accepts its principles being rejected. Macron appears to have pleased those who wanted change and angered those who feared it. Smaller protests took place across the country.', '2018-05-08': 'Trump To Violate Iran Nuclear Deal, Vows To Reimpose Sanctions : The move puts the future of the 2015 international agreement in crisis. The last couple of days are showing that investors are getting their sea legs back." The pickup in oil prices helped lift energy company shares. Financial stocks also racked up solid gains. Morgan Stanley added 2 percent to $52.39. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. (‘ Now its leaders are singing a new note — finance. China has responded with bids of its own, ranging from fairly reasonable to almost as absurd as those coming the other way. @ President Donald Trump welcomed the results in a Wednesday morning tweet, calling it a "great night" for the Republican Party. Todd Rokita and Luke Messer, in television advertising. It has become common enough to lose its shock value. As the state has blossomed, outpacing many others, it has reinforced a liberal narrative about growth, that a state can have big government and a booming economy, too. ( Those last two issues are increasingly seen as sides of the same coin. One developer was asked, \'Are you worried about a recession coming?"\' So he can snap up some properties at cheaper prices. Giuliani Says Trump Lawyer Michael Cohen \'Has', '2018-05-09': 'Colbert Shreds Trump Over Broken Promises: \'What Are You Talking About?\' : “ You literally just backed out of an American promise. Iran did not respond to a CNN request for comment. \'\' Last night you heard the shallow statements Trump made. and the Iranian nation, claiming he would do one thing or another. CNN\'s Melissa Bell and Saskya Vandoorne reported from Paris. Don\'t walk hand in hand with these terrorists or that\'ll be a mistake. We\'re taking strong steps forward," Erdogan said. European Companies Had Rushed to Invest in Iran. There are signs that their patience is wearing thin. But one of his ideas may not be so popular with some of the United States’ strongest allies. Fresh concessions demanded on a second chip deal. Huawei denies its technology is used for surveillance. If a fledgling business is not in a “hub” — be it San Francisco, London, Paris or wherever — it seems to lack serious intent. @ Exchanging ideas appears to be what makes them successful.: Now we have to see what the reactions are." The Dow Jones industrial average gained 2.89 points, or 0.01 percent, to 24,360.21.', '2018-05-10': "Facing Challenge From The Right, GOP Lawmaker Pulls Support For Immigration Bill : Rep. Martha McSally of Arizona is running in a Senate primary against conservative favorites Kelli Ward and Joe Arpaio. But Trump May Have Made Others' Situation Worse. : Analysts say the group has the right political connections to make such deals. One of the more interesting situations could involve the banking sector. Citic was not immediately available to comment. @ But at the same time some market observers see reasons why a deal would still make sense. The footprint of Standard Chartered matches the footprint of Belt and Road. Who else could unify the post-Brexit UK with Europe? @ On the other are China, Russia, Europe and Iran. It is hard to see how the gap will not widen. That was another way of saying that the alternative to “jaw jaw” is “war war”. Falling in line with the US would also come at a steep political cost. Attention is now focused on how Pyongyang will react. LGFVs are among the biggest borrowers in the local bond market. @ Six months ago the spread was only 2.51 points. Late last month Pyongyang pledged to begin talks on denuclearisation. McKinsey said the claims were “baseless.”", '2018-05-11': 'Trump\'s Attempt To Make An Example Of The Immigrant \'Caravan\' Is Backfiring : Immigration prosecutions are normally open-and-shut cases. Apologize to the entire McCain family, then resign. Meanwhile, consumer inflation in China lifted marginally last month as a 16 per cent drop in pork prices mostly offset broadly higher prices for food. @ Not only does it have a century long history as China’s financial and commercial hub, it also has several advantages over other Chinese cities. @ Shanghai suffers similar weaknesses and more. China has spent the past four decades creating the first condition. The gain turned the Dow back to positive for the year. It tells us that rates are going to continue to go higher, but maybe it starts to call into question: Are we really going to have four? Maybe three is enough," said Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management. Traders also had their eye on corporate earnings Thursday. The euro strengthened to $1.1925 from $1.1847. The United States had withdrawn from the nuclear agreement with Iran. And you have to work every day between now and November to elect more Republicans." But the alternative is to move to the future." Mr. Donnelly may face an uphill battle persuading them. At the same time, he acknowledged that he planned to explore a presidential campaign. President Trump is a racist," Gutierrez said. " Millions of Malaysians woke up on Thursday to a new reality. @', '2018-05-12': 'Malaysia Gives Ex-Leader a Travel Ban : The order by the new prime minister, Mahathir Mohamad, increases the likelihood that Mr. Najib will be investigated over billions of dollars misappropriated from a state fund. The new secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, may be the man in the middle. United States indexes ended mostly higher on Friday as the market closed out its biggest weekly gain since March. The health sector\'s gains outweighed losses in technology stocks, phone companies and banks. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 91.64 points, or 0.4 percent, to 24,831.17. Trump chose the incremental over the disruptive, which is the decisive factor for markets today." The company also said the matter had been referred to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Symantec also gave weak profit forecasts. They said -- I kid you not -- they said, \'Sir, $1 billion,\' " he said. " The Arnona building from which the Embassy will initially operate opened in 2010. It has provided, and will continue to provide, consular services to American citizens and visa applicants. They said, \'Anywhere between five to 10 years.\' So we open the embassy next week -- three months. A lot of people wouldn\'t be doing it quickly like that. We\'re actually doing it for about $250,000. CNN\'s Elise Labott, Laura Koran and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report.', '2018-05-13': "A Tireless Critic of the Iran Accord Now Insists He Wanted to Save It : Mark Dubowitz, the chief executive of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, has drawn outrage as he voices regret over President Trump’s withdrawal from the nuclear pact. As Newcomers Remake Boise, Political Tinge Is a Paler Red : These are heady times for Boise, with an influx of newcomers, a spike in home prices and a jolt of jobs. When the next big recession comes, we'll be much better off if governments have established a new kind of bond tied to the ups and downs of the economy. The idea behind these bonds may seem strange. But many financial innovations that are now commonplace also seemed strange at one time. Many people are interested in buying them now. No country has ever issued them (although there have been analogues in the form of warrants). But there is more to these proposed bonds than is immediately apparent. In expansions, however, investors would benefit. One section is a kind of cookbook with detailed instructions for how to build this new type of government bond. Some technical details still need to be worked out. At one extreme, they could be perpetual (unlike, say a 30-year bond, which is paid off in 30 years). The remaining issues need not be major obstacles. AuthorAffiliation Robert J. Shiller is Sterling Professor of Economics at Yale.", '2018-05-14': 'Trump Orders Help For Chinese Phone-Maker After China Approves Money For Trump Project : Trump will profit from Indonesian resort project that will get $500 million in Chinese loans in a deal sealed days before before his tweet ordering help for ZTE.Huge Congrats To Fox News On Getting Guest Journos To Peddle Bret Baier’s Book : Who\'s falling in line for Fox News?Supreme Court Invalidates Federal Ban On Sports Gambling : The ruling paves the way for states to legalize sports betting, but could have implications far beyond sports. Scientists say it\'s the world\'s deepest known piece of plastic trash.: They\'re not looking for inflation to break out in any meaningful way on a sustained basis. But it does sort of confirm that investors are still seeing the world in that way." It actually helps determine decisions that are crucial to the health of the American economy. Not everyone agrees that the bond market is sending a warning sign. Hoisington Investment Management, a bond investment firm based in Austin, Tex., Photograph The Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The phenomenon often precedes a recession. ( After rising to 105 per cent of its face value late last year, it is now trading nearer to 85 per cent. @', '2018-05-15': 'Plan for Cheaper Insurance More Costly Than Estimated : An independent federal study said the proposal could increase government spending by $1.2 billion next year, compared with the $96 million to $168 million a year estimated by the administration. The Trump administration said it could retaliate against imports of European products. Primary results: Matchups are set in key Pennsylvania midterm races - CNNPolitics : Matchups are set in key Pennsylvania midterm races  : Washington (CNN)Key races in November\'s midterm election took shape Tuesday night, particularly in Pennsylvania, where Democrats see an opportunity to pick up several seats on their way to a potential House majority. Republicans sought a more moderate candidate for the race but were unable to persuade other prospects to run. The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 68.24 points, or 0.3 percent, to 24,899.41. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!" The question is, \'Are there alternative remedies to the one that we had originally put forward?"\' Credit: ANA SWANSON, MARK LANDLER and KEITH BRADSHER; Ana Swanson and Mark Landler reported from Washington, and Keith Bradsher from Taipei, Taiwan. Security problems are global problems and need a global response. ” The first may be true — but the second is almost certainly not. @ Amazon says it’s still “apprehensive” about the future. Most People Think They\'re Being Civil About Politics.', '2018-05-16': 'Kara Eastman notches a big primary win for progressives in Nebraska - CNNPolitics : Democrats\' anti-Trump resistance scores a big primary win in Nebraska : Washington (CNN)A nonprofit executive who campaigned on offering "Medicare for all," stunned the Democratic establishment and secured one of the activist left\'s biggest wins yet Tuesday in a House primary in Nebraska. Now, the national party is left grappling with whether Eastman\'s win will hurt their chances of ousting Republican Rep. Don Bacon, who had been seen as vulnerable in November. CNN\'s Terence Burlij contributed to this report. Gov. Brad Little, in the November general election. The Idaho state legislator faces an uphill battle. I\'m proud of that heritage and legacy," Jordan said. " Women know we can bring the country together. Now enthusiasts think blockchain could have a similar effect. They can also point to reputational risks. The reality is both more prosaic and more promising. Users are required to authenticate themselves. In fact the biggest difference is the weather and the atmosphere. The Nasdaq composite dropped 59.69 points, or 0.8 percent, to 7,351.63. Higher mortgage rates can make it harder for would-be buyers to afford to purchase a home. The dollar\'s gains weighed on precious metals prices. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Scientists suspect it is being produced again, likely in East Asia.', '2018-05-17': 'The Farm Bill Could Be A Huge Blow To Animals : An amendment threatens farm animal protections, food safety laws and rules on invasive species. reads one of the subway-themed campaign ads. Meetings Made Smaller, Phones Are Locked Away And Still There Are Leaks : The president’s irritation with his staff reached a new level last week after the leak of a morbid joke a junior aide made about Senator John McCain having brain cancer. But retirements may leave G.O.P. ranks depleted. The Chinese like replicas of foreign landmarks. The deal certainly has not lived up to its hype so far. Local venues have good commercial reasons to lobby against incursions. Investors say the fundraising is already oversubscribed. @ A Tencent news app was removed from big app stores. Tencent executives are likely to be aware of that requirement. Not only was the business targeted before. But what if they stir jealousy merely by their market power? Today’s great electoral skill is the ability to harvest resentment. It has also done wonders for the media business. But it was Mr Murdoch who made it possible. @ Think of it as bringing a West End hit to Broadway. Each resented those who were still more privileged.', '2018-05-18': 'US President Donald Trump on Thursday offered Kim Jong Un wealth and security if he abandoned North Korea’s nuclear weapons, but then appeared to threaten the dictator with death if he refused. @ The grain is used in animal feed and to make spirits. @ The challenges are myriad and set over several stages. Then a deal must be negotiated that provides North Korea with sufficient security guarantees. It is applying technology to try and keep its shops open. Stock indexes closed slightly lower in the United States on Thursday after a day of mostly choppy trading, wiping out some of the market\'s gains from a day earlier. The countries have threatened tariffs on each other. " I tend to doubt it," President Trump said. China has countered by targeting $50 billion in American products. An early rally in crude oil faded by late afternoon. Investors were unimpressed by the results. Obamacare Premiums Will Be Way Higher Next Year. Now, those prospects are diminishing by the day. We are an open platform for people to express ideas and views on both sides of a debate. Irish law bans foreign citizens and groups from making donations to campaign groups and prohibits political ads on television or radio broadcasts during campaigns. The "Page History" feature has since been deactivated. If we don\'t take action now we are exposing ourselves to that risk. " Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated James Lawless\' voting intentions.', '2018-05-19': 'This CEO Took A Pay Cut To Give Employees $70,000 A Year. Tech entrepreneur Dan Price is working to curb the dangers of "unbridled capitalism.": Despite a choppy week of trading and a mixed finish for United States stocks, the market extended its recent streak of relative calm on Friday. Now it feels like investors are paralyzed trying to choose between a pretty solid economic picture and great earnings growth, and rising rates and ongoing geopolitical drama day to day," said Craig Birk, executive vice president of portfolio management at Personal Capital. The S.&P. 500 index fell 7.16 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,712.97. The countries, which have threatened tariffs on each other, were holding discussions aimed at averting a trade war between the world\'s two biggest economies. It hit 3.12 percent on Wednesday, its highest level in almost seven years. " And then we have the dollar strengthening and emerging markets weakening." The pullback in bond yields, which affect interest rates on mortgages and other consumer loans, weighed on bank stocks. This CEO Took A Pay Cut To Give Employees $70,000 A Year.', '2018-05-20': 'Houston Police Chief Vents His Frustrations Over Guns : In a statement on Facebook, Chief Art Acevedo said he is no longer interested in hearing people argue for gun rights and expressed frustration at politicians’ failure to act. Russian Billionaire’s Trouble With Visa Fuels Speculation of British Crackdown : Mr. Abramovich, owner of Chelsea, missed a high-profile soccer match after his visa expired. It’s unclear if his troubles are a bureaucratic hiccup or if Britain is clamping down. Giuliani Sees End of Inquiry On Obstruction   : Mr. Giuliani sought to make the case that a longer timeline for that aspect of the Russia investigation would hurt Republicans in the midterm elections. Facebook Apology Tour; Can ‘Solo’ Rule Holiday? : Also, a public comment period on proposed tariffs on Chinese imports ends, and Disney tries to kick a Memorial Day slump with a new “Star Wars” movie. Stephanie Kelton Has The Biggest Idea In Washington : Once an outsider, her radical economic thinking won over Wall Street. They said that after two days of “constructive talks” China had agreed to “significantly increase” its purchases of US goods and services and on the need for “meaningful increases” in US agricultural and energy exports to China.', '2018-05-21': 'Will School Shooting Spur Anti-Gun Furor? Trump Weighs the Risk of Talks After a North Korean Reversal : President Trump was surprised and angered by a statement issued by the North’s chief nuclear negotiator, who declared that the country would not swap its nuclear weapons capability for economic aid. Rosenstein’s Attempts to Appease President May Hurt Justice Dept., As usual, the event was a hubbub of brisk networking and commentary on the state of the markets. In fact, the last time I saw so much optimism at the conference was in early 2007 (not a particularly comforting comparison). @ As one justice put it, the case cuts to "the entire heart of the New Deal. " We can announce that today we are facing a historical moment. It is a person that can carry out the \'government contract\'. " CNN\'s Ivana Kottasova contributed to this report. The prominent exception, honourable in its way, is Baron Barker of Battle. No wonder quantum computing has become the subject of such hype. Full-scale quantum machines are probably many years away. Will School Shooting Spur Anti-Gun Furor?', '2018-05-22': '‘Right to Try’ Drug Bill, Supported by President, Easily Clears Final Vote : The House passed a bill that would, in effect, allow patients to bypass the Food and Drug Administration and obtain an “investigational drug.” The Senate approved the same bill in August. Amazon Is Selling Cops Its Facial Recognition Tool. Facial recognition software often does not properly identify darker-skinned people. Political veterans\' experience, meanwhile, has been a burden. She beat former state Rep. Stacey Evans, who was backed by moderates. There\'s a lot of these issues where there are going to be hyperbolic statements made in the public sphere by both sides." All 11 sectors in the S.&P. 500 finished higher. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. But analysts said that it would be hard for Tehran to agree to them. “ As Brent hits $80 a barrel, who are the winners and losers of rising crude prices? @ The proposed settlement was first reported by the Wall Street Journal. @ Civil servants demonstrate in Marseille, southern France. A protester wearing a T-shirt reading "Angry sewer worker" in Lyon. We don\'t want the state to close railway lines or to end the special status the rail workers benefit from. We have less people who are able to help and more people who are sick. The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors. ( But the fight is not over and there is hope.', '2018-05-23': "Pakistan Mourns Life Cut Short in Texas Shooting : Just days before she was to go home to Pakistan after her time as a foreign exchange student, Sabika Sheikh, 17, was killed in the shooting at Santa Fe High School. With More Carbon Dioxide, Less Nutritious Foods : Carbon dioxide helps plants grow. Russia’s parliament has passed a sweeping bill that gives the Kremlin the power to ban exports to the US and curb imports from western countries, as Moscow seeks to hit back against US sanctions imposed on oligarchs and leading companies last month. @ If it doesn’t happen, maybe it will happen later,” the US president said on Tuesday. “ The dollar reigns supreme in global finance. President Donald Trump may be sowing the seeds of its demise. @ It runs from east to west, and from democracies to autocracies. The answer to that question matters a lot. He just poses for selfies with those who do.” @ But it would not end the anxieties about his political project.: Read more about the Dodd-Frank rollback.] Credit: ALAN RAPPEPORT and EMILY FLITTER; Thomas Kaplan contributed reporting. ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWho is Sergei Skripal? CNN's James Masters contributed to this report. Stacey Abrams wins Democratic nomination in Georgia governor's race - CNNPolitics : Stacey Abrams wins Democratic primary in Georgia. She could become the nation's first black woman governor. This transaction represents a further step in simplifying and focusing our", '2018-05-24': 'Trump Opens Door For U.S. Gun Industry To Sell More Firearms Abroad : Senators and human rights groups worry the proposed rule changes will export the U.S. gun violence epidemic. Foxconn Industrial Internet makes electronic equipment, industrial robots and cloud computing components. Nevertheless, investors should continue to bet on the group. @ Sales and marketing expenses have grown from a quarter to nearly a third as a share of revenue since 2013 and the group is opening physical stores in lower-tier cities. Turkey did try the exact same thing in 1994 and that\'s how we ended up with a crisis." The president\'s officials would have none of it. The relevant institutions have very strong instruments." My beloved nation, the truck is about to crash into the wall." Photograph Portraits of the founder of modern Turkey, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, left, and President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Istanbul. PHOTOGRAPH BY OZAN KOSE/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES): NEW YORK -- U.S. stocks turned higher Wednesday after the Federal Reserve indicated it\'s not in a hurry to raise interest rates too quickly. The S&P 500 index rose 8.85 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,733.29. With interest rates in decline, banks lost ground. President Donald Trump is expected to sign it into law. Comcast didn\'t disclose other details about its plans. Photograph The Federal Reserve Bank of New York. Financial crises always start the same way. I am not saying we are heading for this fate in the very near future.', '2018-05-25': 'Morgan Freeman Dropped From Marketing Campaigns After Harassment Accusations : Both Visa and Vancouver\'s public transit system have suspended work with him. Macron calls on Russia to work with Europe - CNN : Macron calls on Russia to work with Europe to end \'difficult period\' :  (CNN)French President Emmanuel Macron on Friday called on Russia to work "hand-in-hand" with Europe to end what he described as "one of the most difficult periods of our history. If we miss this moment then we really lose it forever." " Exit polls are not based on the actual counting of ballots. Official counting begins Saturday at 9 a.m. (4 a.m. ET), with the final results expected late afternoon. Turnout was over 70% in some areas, RTE reported. Posters for both campaigns on a lamppost in Dublin, Ireland. The exit poll said repeal was supported by 87.6% of voters 18-24 years old; 84.6% of voters 25-34 years old; 72.8% of voters 35-49 years old; and 63.7% of voters 50-64 years old. It isn\'t the Church anymore that\'s dictating to us. CNN\'s Jennifer Hauser and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report. Over time, wine glasses have increased in size. @ Let’s see where this investigation leads. Deutsche Bank has also come under pressure more recently.', '2018-05-26': ': Energy companies and oil prices recorded their worst losses in months Friday on reports that OPEC countries plan to produce more oil soon. Stock indexes finished an indecisive week with small losses. Bond yields declined again, which hurt banks but helped dividend-payers like household goods makers. Wall Street also focused on quarterly results from retailers. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 58.67 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,753.09. The results that were announced Saturday defied earlier projections that it would be a tight race. Only one county voted no -- the rural and religiously conservative Donegal in northwest Ireland. " Read More"A hundred years since women gained the right to vote, today we as a people have spoken," he said. " And we say that we trust women and respect women to make their own decisions and their own choices." He noted that people in "almost every county, almost every constituency, men and women, all social classes and almost all age groups" voted to repeal the amendment. " It felt for a long time women didn\'t matter. ... It took 38 years for us to find each other again. We will look back at this moment in history as being a very gray one. He gave his word on this, now he must deliver on it. CNN\'s Kara Fox reported from Dublin, while Hilary Clarke wrote from London and Dakin Andone from Atlanta.', '2018-05-27': 'F.B.I. Urges a Home and Office Router Reboot : Hundreds of thousands of home and office routers have been infected by the malware, which was created by the same group that hacked the Democratic National Committee.: As economic uncertainty roils the country, the income gap between top executives and everyday employees continues to grow ever wider. Here are six pay packages that stand out. [ | See who were the highest-paid executives.] That doesn\'t mean the equity is evenly distributed. " It seems like another way to get people to work harder for a smaller cut of the pie." Ms. Catz is one of the few chief executives of a big publicly-traded company to openly support President Donald J. Trump, and has reportedly been considered for an administration job in recent months. The median employee at Walmart made $19,177 last year. But look more closely, and the comparison falls flat. Incyte did not reply to requests for comment. " You think to yourself, \'That\'s not so bad.\' But then you realize that all of their manufacturing is outsourced." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Follow him on LinkedIn and Twitter @dgelles.', '2018-05-28': "Chinese investors have been big buyers of international property for years, helping to boost real estate markets globally as they ploughed money into so-called trophy assets. @ However, last year the country tightened capital controls on foreign property purchases. Their confusion is understandable, because Mr Trump rejects 70 years of US policy. @ But not all the differences are encouraging. Italy is too big too fail and may be too big to save. So far markets are only slightly nervous. By the latter year, its ranking on this criterion had tumbled to 23rd of 28 members. Here's what to expect in the week ahead: MARKETS Break out the grill. American markets will be closed on Monday for Memorial Day, the unofficial start of summer. Matthew Sedacca ______ INVESTING Want lunch with Warren Buffett? How much would you spend to have lunch with the Oracle of Omaha? Today, he is an investment manager at Mr. Buffett's company, Berkshire Hathaway. -- Less certain -- and arguably more important -- is what the report will show about worker pay. Investors are widely expected to adjust their portfolios accordingly.", '2018-05-29': 'North Korea’s trade deficit with China has ballooned, raising questions on how the reclusive state has been able to continue to generate foreign currency reserves despite the sanctions imposed against it. @ It has also got me hooked on podcasts, which I can stream to my sound processor.” @ So is it possible that the tightening cycle is already nearing an end? @ In last week’s FOMC minutes, the committee had an initial discussion on whether it should change its forward guidance on rates, perhaps by giving an early indication that the degree of accommodation is shrinking. It decided against any such change in guidance at this stage. US bonds enjoyed their best week of the year. @ The effort won’t solve the problem, but it’s a good start. As a senior adviser to one statewide California candidate put it: "It is constant three dimensional chess you are playing here." Grumbling about Newsom\'s maneuvers California Lt. https://t.co/QnGak9SkJd— Delaine Eastin (@DelaineEastin) May 25, 2018  Many Republicans actually take the same view. I think there are people who are talking about it," says Carrick. " What replaces it is probably a big debate. " Pakistan’s Army has now barred him from leaving the country while it investigates.', '2018-05-30': 'China\'s growth is expected to weaken slightly this year to 6.6 per cent and moderate to about 5.5 per cent by 2023, the International Monetary Foundation announced on Wednesday. @ The main stock indexes in London, Frankfurt and Paris dropped. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. AuthorAffiliation Follow Matt Phillips and Prashant S. Rao on Twitter: @MatthewPhillips and @prashantrao. Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong,” he said. To escape the crisis, “it needs to reinvent itself. ” There may never be a product as profitable as the iPhone. The smartphone market is sort of like the best market for a consumer product company in the history of the world,” he said after the group’s quarterly earnings. @ No wonder Apple investors get jumpy about iPhone sales every three months. Asia’s business families are increasingly under attack\u2009from shareholders. The move is expected to give banks more room for complex trades. That comes on the heels of a contentious divorce. The nationalists seem to have won this round. But his advisers are deeply divided over how best to do it. Mr. Schumer offered the president highly conditional praise. " Photograph Wilbur Ross, left, the American commerce secretary, and Premier Li Keqiang of China in Beijing last year.', '2018-05-31': 'Italy to be led by populist, euroskeptic government  - CNN : Italy to be led by populist, euroskeptic government  : Rome (CNN)In a remarkable case of political deja vu, Italy\'s President has appointed Giuseppe Conte, a law professor and political novice, as the country\'s new prime minister, the secretary of the presidential palace announced Thursday. A political government is by far the best solution for the country," Cottarelli said after handing his resignation to the President. " Efforts to reach Conte for comment were unsuccessful. Livia Borghese reported from Rome and Judith Vonberg wrote from London. Over ‘Outdated’ H.I.V. Policies Cast as Discriminatory : Lawyers for Army Sgt. Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. That process can sometimes repeat itself weeks or months later. " I wouldn\'t count on it being done for the summer." The S&P 500 index jumped 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01. His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Source: Reuters); Real Economic Growth: Annual rate of change in the gross domestic product, based on quarterly figures adjusted for inflation and seasonal fluctuations. ( Italy has forced a rapid and painful reappraisal. @ You did not have that at the beginning of the 4G transition. Irrational jealousy is bad for mental health and productivity.', '2018-06-01': 'Decision Day for a Beleaguered Turkish Power : Fenerbahce, a storied club with a history of success, has fallen on hard times. Will its members vote for a new president, or stick with the longtime incumbent?People love lists. My team at the FT is responsible for these massive data projects. However, some investors have flagged concerns about the risks involved. @ The delay is emblematic of the halting progress in the case. Outgoing Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, left, shakes hands with Spain\'s new Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez after the vote. I wish my substitute could say the same when his day comes, for the good of Spain. He is expected to take office and nominate his Cabinet next week. CNN\'s Laura Perez Maestro reported from Madrid and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. Thank you to all Spaniards and good luck. A colleague you have been guiding at work suddenly behaves unprofessionally and disappoints you. Should you give up or stick with him, despite misgivings? Self-driving cars have increasingly figured in visions of the automotive future, and a big new investment is the latest signal that such a moment is close at hand. The time it takes to get to your destination could be a turnoff, though." That prompted Uber to halt testing of self-driving cars in Arizona. The investment highlights the ambition and seemingly bottomless wallet of SoftBank\'s founder, Masayoshi Son.', '2018-06-02': 'Saudi Prince’s Allies Assume Key Positions to Help Drive Reforms : The new ministers will help push the crown prince’s efforts to diversify the economy away from oil and make life more enjoyable for ordinary citizens.: But it\'s worth taking a step back and putting the latest numbers in some longer-run context. More recently, though, job growth has experienced an unexpected uptick. All that hiring has gone a long way toward putting Americans back to work. The S.&P. 500 index rose 29.35 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,734.62. Source: Reuters)Europe on the verge of a big new crisis, 6 years after last one - CNN : Europe is on the verge of a big new crisis, just six years after the last one : Cordoba, Spain (CNN)Could it be that Europe is facing yet another existential crisis, six years after financial meltdown threatened the eurozone\'s collapse?This week the third- and fourth-largest economies in the eurozone -- Italy and Spain -- experienced political earthquakes. Spanish voters likely face their third election in three years. They drew support from very different constituencies. All hell broke loose, and there were mutterings about impeaching Mattarella. Today it has become a necessity for all of us," he said. Odds are it will stumble through these multiple challenges. But if the horizon looked dark in 2012, it\'s positively thunderous now. Some Republicans now see Senate gains, not losses, in November.', '2018-06-03': 'Saudi Prince’s Allies Assume Key Positions to Help Drive Reforms : The new ministers will help push the crown prince’s efforts to diversify the economy away from oil and make life more enjoyable for ordinary citizens.: But it\'s worth taking a step back and putting the latest numbers in some longer-run context. More recently, though, job growth has experienced an unexpected uptick. All that hiring has gone a long way toward putting Americans back to work. The S.&P. 500 index rose 29.35 points, or 1.1 percent, to 2,734.62. Source: Reuters)Europe on the verge of a big new crisis, 6 years after last one - CNN : Europe is on the verge of a big new crisis, just six years after the last one : Cordoba, Spain (CNN)Could it be that Europe is facing yet another existential crisis, six years after financial meltdown threatened the eurozone\'s collapse?This week the third- and fourth-largest economies in the eurozone -- Italy and Spain -- experienced political earthquakes. Spanish voters likely face their third election in three years. They drew support from very different constituencies. All hell broke loose, and there were mutterings about impeaching Mattarella. Today it has become a necessity for all of us," he said. Odds are it will stumble through these multiple challenges. But if the horizon looked dark in 2012, it\'s positively thunderous now. Some Republicans now see Senate gains, not losses, in November.', '2018-06-04': 'Justices Favor Baker in Case On Gay Rights : The court passed on an opportunity to either bolster the right to same-sex marriage or explain how far the government can go in regulating businesses run on religious principles. Howard Schultz to Step Down as Starbucks Executive Chairman : Mr. Schultz’s decision to retire from Starbucks, a plan he says he privately outlined to the board a year ago, could stoke speculation that he is considering a move into politics. Amid the rout in emerging market currencies, China’s renminbi has been a notable exception. @ We are also committed to working with the EU to implement the new guidelines. @ Rex Tillerson proved a hapless US secretary of state. The Chinese have said they’ve reached their limit,” one diplomat in Addis Ababa said. “’ Donald Trump is not consistent on many things. The EU and other allies need to retaliate in a proportionate, but forceful, manner. @ For this reason, the protection is likely to spread upstream and so worldwide. The proposed new legislation would make several basic human rights activities illegal. Hungarian soldiers patrol the border with Serbia in April 2018. The bill will be voted on in a week and could be law within a month, according to the Hungarian Parliament\'s website. More than 391,000 refugees crossed into the country in 2015. These proposed laws fly in the face of EU law and international law."', '2018-06-05': 'International politics today looks increasingly like a bonfire of agreements, norms and rules. Some fear he seeks to drive a wedge in it. Austrian vice chancellor opposes sanctionsRead MoreAustria is an interesting case in point. The Austrian government has also done another major favor for Putin. The more problems there are within the European Union, the greater the risks and uncertainties for us. Major technology companies made solid gains. Microsoft edged higher after it said it would buy the coder platform GitHub. Markets seem to treat it as if it\'s just rhetoric and it\'s just a bargaining tool, and my view is that that is foolhardy." The dollar rose to 109.82 yen from 109.56 yen. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. That shrinkage will peak at $50bn a month by October and total $1tn by December 2019. But speeding up preparations now could allow Iran to ramp up production more quickly after that date. We talk all the time just encouraging each other. So this has been just a wonderful sisterhood. " And so we were relying on what you were telling us," Hatcher says. Most people congregate on Sundays, at churches.', '2018-06-06': 'Bush Scion Is Forced To Leave Health Firm : Jonathan Bush, a nephew and cousin of presidents and the founder of Athenahealth, which provides digital services to medical offices, resigned under pressure by the hedge fund Elliott Management.: The original Bitcoin software determined that only 21 million Bitcoin would ever be created. Regulators eventually denied that application. AuthorAffiliation Follow Nathaniel Popper on Twitter: @nathanielpopper. These attacks are likely just the tip of the iceberg. Still, some of those races remained too close to call Wednesday morning, with many more ballots to count. It was a long way down to Rosendale for Republicans. That made Rosendale the establishment preference. Why does this small seat in Missouri matter nationally? But there are also statewide implications at play, too. This story has been updated to reflect election results. India’s economy is smaller than China’s, and its military far punier. The smaller the world becomes because of the advance of technology,” Kaplan writes, “the more permeable, complicated and overwhelming it seems, with its numberless, seemingly intractable crises. No other economic subject has received such sustained presidential attention or generated so much controversy. @ Democrats preserved virtually all of their opportunities on Tuesday night in California. The two lived there together from 2005 to 2009. Claibourn Hamilton, left, and Adrian Coman. Nor does it "undermine the national identity or pose a threat to the public policy of the Member State concerned. "', '2018-06-07': 'UN sanctions hit \'millionaire migrant traffickers\' - CNN : Unprecedented UN sanctions slapped on \'millionaire migrant traffickers\' :  (CNN)Six men who allegedly made fortunes from buying and selling vulnerable migrants have been hit by United Nations sanctions in an unprecedented response to the international slave trade exposed by CNN, the Dutch foreign ministry said Thursday. It followed a months-long investigation by a panel of UN experts. They feel untouchable," the Dutch Prosecutor\'s Office said in a statement. CNN reached out to those named, where contact details were available, but has not received responses. CNN\'s Simon Cullen and Hilary Clarke contributed to this report.: Bank of America gained more than 3 percent. Multinational companies such as Boeing and McDonald\'s also rose. Global Infrastructure Partners will buy its stakes in EnLink Midstream Partners and EnLink Midstream LLC. The company also maintained its annual forecasts. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. It was only a decade or two ago that global economic governance was relatively simple. That law bars companies from paying bribes to overseas officials to win business. You’re going to love those aerial screensavers!”', '2018-06-08': 'Boris Johnson suggests Trump could handle Brexit better than May - CNN : Trump could handle Brexit better than Theresa May, Boris Johnson suggests : London (CNN)UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said he has grown "increasingly admiring" of Donald Trump and appeared to suggest that the US President would handle Brexit negotiations better than Prime Minister Theresa May during remarks made at a private dinner earlier this week. " I have become more and more convinced that there is method in his madness. "" He\'d go in bloody hard ... There would be all sorts of breakdowns, there would be all sorts of chaos. It\'s a very, very good thought," he said. A four-day winning streak for the Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index ended. The market is concerned about tariffs, negative trade dialogue coming from that meeting." The Nasdaq composite slumped 54.17 points, or 0.7 percent, to 7,635.07. The Federal Reserve, meanwhile, is expected to raise interest rates on Wednesday. Late Hong Kong tycoon Cheng Yu-tung was born in mainland China. Here, the coral displays pink fluorescing tissue signalling heat stress. If they don\'t have time to recover, they eventually die.', '2018-06-09': 'Turkish Opposition Hopes 4 Parties Are Mightier Than 1 : Four parties have banded together, hoping to force the president to a second round of voting, where they have pledged to unite behind his opponent. In the Trump Administration, Science Is Unwelcome. As the president prepares for nuclear talks, he lacks a close adviser with nuclear expertise. It’s one example of a marginalization of science in shaping federal policy. Energy companies slipped along with the price of oil. Trading has been muted ahead of the Group of 7 summit in Quebec, which began Friday. The end result probably is going to be lower tariffs across the board," Wren said. The Russell is on a six-week winning streak. The Nasdaq and Russell 2000 reached record highs on Wednesday. Among consumer products makers, Monster Beverage climbed 5 percent to $55.48 after its annual shareholder meeting. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S.&P. 500 Index: Position of the S.&P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (', '2018-06-10': 'Turkish Opposition Hopes 4 Parties Are Mightier Than 1 : Four parties have banded together, hoping to force the president to a second round of voting, where they have pledged to unite behind his opponent. In the Trump Administration, Science Is Unwelcome. As the president prepares for nuclear talks, he lacks a close adviser with nuclear expertise. It’s one example of a marginalization of science in shaping federal policy. Energy companies slipped along with the price of oil. Trading has been muted ahead of the Group of 7 summit in Quebec, which began Friday. The end result probably is going to be lower tariffs across the board," Wren said. The Russell is on a six-week winning streak. The Nasdaq and Russell 2000 reached record highs on Wednesday. Among consumer products makers, Monster Beverage climbed 5 percent to $55.48 after its annual shareholder meeting. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S.&P. 500 Index: Position of the S.&P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (', '2018-06-11': "Women Run, And Hit a Wall: Men With Cash : Female Democrats in Nevada and Maine, which vote Tuesday, and other states face male opponents who have deep coffers, establishment support and, in some cases, less experience. The outcome, however, was worse than almost anyone could have imagined. In the end, it would have been better if President Donald Trump had carried out his threat and declined to attend the summit at all. But I also received some blowback from liberals. And my analysis was not nearly so effusive then. The answer depends on precisely how you phrase the question, which in turn hinges on a crucial distinction that people often fail to make when talking about the economy. Whether the water level is rising or falling -- is this an economic expansion or recession? -- All might be useful information, but they capture different things. It depends on which of these approaches you take. Other measures of the level of economic performance are also quite good, though not historically so. But this is a bathtub that is already pretty full, and the water's rising nicely. PHOTOGRAPH BY JOE RAEDLE/GETTY IMAGES) CHARTS: The level of economic activity usually rises ...; ... but the rate of change is highly volatile. ( For weeks, North Korea media did not report on the prospect of a meeting. A couple of years ago, property prices were spiralling ever higher — much like the new luxury skyscrapers now springing up in midtown Manhattan. @", '2018-06-12': 'Virginia Primary to Test Zeal of Democrats : Democrats hope for signs that voters are still as unhappy with President Trump as they were in November, when their party made big gains. Republicans are counting on a rebound for the midterms. Why a Digital Photo Can Look Fuzzy : If your pictures look blotchy and out of focus, you likely need to print them at a smaller size or find a version of the photo at a higher resolution. A lot of progress, really very positive . . . Mr Trump was scheduled to hold a press conference at 4pm local time to discuss the negotiations. This time, there was no kissing, hugging or planting trees. At some border crossings, migrants are being forced to wait for days or longer in Mexico. It is true that the war debt caused sterling’s demise. This warning, however, seems incomplete in its focus. @ The US could follow suit in some respects. The renminbi’s share was a mere 1 per cent. But profligacy cannot go on indefinitely. That would roughly equal its highest level in history, during the second world war.', '2018-06-13': 'Arab Princes Embrace Trump, Set Up by Tycoon Matchmaker : The connections nurtured by the financier Tom Barrack look to have paid off handsomely for Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates — and for his business. But Caution Comes With Risks of Its Own. : But that raises a whole new set of questions. Vanuatu Says China Means No Harm : To calm security concerns about China’s growing influence in the South Pacific, Vanuatu’s foreign minister shared a contract his country signed with China in 2014.Japan is poised to adopt a new approach to immigration that will allow up to 500,000 guest workers into the country to ease labour shortages. @ Her grandmother "took care of the community. Both the Russell and the Nasdaq set new record highs. Just don\'t ask what comprises a \'deal\' and we are fine. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. That is a valid and fair criticism of Tesla\'s history to date." This is an attempt to cut costs and contain expenses." Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. The Trump administration said it would impose the tariffs soon afterward. PHOTOGRAPH BY BRYAN R. SMITH/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)', '2018-06-14': ': WASHINGTON -- The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday and signaled that two additional increases were on the way this year, as officials expressed confidence that the United States economy was strong enough for borrowing costs to rise without choking off economic growth. Most people who want to find jobs are finding them." [ That is odd for an economy with a tight labor market, with unemployment running at a 3.8 percent. Too many increases too quickly could choke the economy before we really see how good it could get." So right now, we don\'t see that in the numbers at all. Credit: JIM TANKERSLEY and NEIL IRWIN; Matt Phillips contributed reporting from New York. It’s terrible to see families ripped apart,” Franklin Graham said. Wall Street was already certain the Fed would raise interest rates Wednesday. Both indexes finished at record highs Tuesday. However Disney added 1.9 percent to $106.31. This isn\'t a case that\'s about a big sweeping legal philosophy." AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem.', '2018-06-15': 'French police cut soles from shoes of child migrants, report says - CNN : French police seize SIM cards, cut soles from shoes of child migrants, report claims :  (CNN)Child migrants are being abused, detained and returned to Italy illegally by French police, according to a report published Friday by the charity Oxfam. " Attempts to cross the border regularly fail. Campaigners had responded to the announcement with cautious optimism. It was one of the biggest women\'s rallies in South Korean history.: It takes control back from central authorities. But these days he is just as likely to be convening meetings there on his new financial venture. Control of the currency," he said, "is control of everything." Credit: JEREMY W. PETERS and NATHANIEL POPPER; Jeremy W. Peters reported from Washington, and Nathaniel Popper from San Francisco. Implementation will have impacts on current business operations and future innovation. Hong Kong-listed ZTE shares fell by as much as 10 per cent. Roughly four stocks rose for every three that fell. At the same time, you\'re moving grudgingly toward that. But that is what the European Central Bank is preparing to do. If you look at what happened in the last few quarters, everything became more disappointing." By historical standards, money will remain cheap. But early this year, warning signs started to appear. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT.', '2018-06-16': "Sebastian Kurz walks a 'thin red line' in Europe - CNN : Austria's Sebastian Kurz, a rock star to conservatives, walks a 'thin red line' in Europe : Berlin (CNN)Earlier this week, Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin, two generations of European conservative leadership standing side by side. Atika Shubert reported from Berlin and Judith Vonberg wrote from London.: In the first year of the Trump administration, the president's threats to upend the global trade system seemed like mostly bluster -- lots of threats, not much action. And those actions both follow earlier measures on washing machines and solar panels. And what are the economic consequences likely to be? Soybean futures prices fell Friday, as commodities traders predicted China would buy fewer soybeans in retaliation. The Federal Reserve is further along this path. Markets abroad were also generally weaker. Americans are feeling better about the economy. The pattern is a mirror image of the picture before President Trump took office. This economic momentum -- it doesn't happen by accident. The company selected respondents at random from the nearly three million people who take surveys on its platform each day. The Chinese government quickly said it would respond in kind.", '2018-06-17': 'Apps have become a critical part of companies’ financial strategies, but people are getting savvier about them and less forgiving if they think their performance is subpar. U.S. Easing Reins On Cyberattacks : Until now, the Cyber Command has assumed a largely defensive posture, but in the spring the Defense Department opened the door to nearly daily raids on foreign networks, seeking to head off attacks. Trumpism Finds a Safe Space at a Conservative Women’s Conference : An estimated 1,000 young women took part in sessions like “How Political Correctness Is Making Everyone Stupid” and displayed enthusiasm they hope to see for Republicans in the midterm elections. In Senate Bid, A Provocateur Evokes Trump : Mr. Stewart, a Minnesota transplant who has defended the Confederacy and praised white nationalists, has seized opportunities to gain media attention, especially with harsh remarks about immigrants. Temperatures and Tensions Rise as India’s Water Supply Runs Low : Some 600 million Indians, about half the population, face high to extreme water scarcity conditions, with about 200,000 dying every year from inadequate access to safe water, says a government report. Ford Aims to Revive a Detroit Train Station, and Itself : By renovating a symbol of the city’s decline, the company hopes to create a magnet for the talent needed to prevail in the next automotive era. Apps have become a critical part of companies’ financial strategies, but people are getting savvier about them and less forgiving if they think their performance is subpar.', '2018-06-18': 'Latinos Sue Long Island Town Over Voting System : The suit seeks to change the town of Islip’s at-large system to a district system, increasing the chances that a Latino candidate can be elected. Families are being separated at the border. The American Civil Liberties Union and other advocacy organizations say that\'s not true. It is important to note that these minors are very well taken care of. I\'ve heard administration officials say their hands are tied. " No more free passes, no more get out of jail free cards. " We give them meals and we give them education and we give them medical care. " But like so much about immigration, that\'s much tougher than it sounds. CNN\'s Tal Kopan, Bob Ortega and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report. A US defense official based in Europe characterized the positioning of missiles at the time as "the biggest move we\'ve seen. " Of course, the trade battles could escalate instead. Why hasn\'t the overall market made a new high considering all the fiscal stimulus?" David Rosenberg, chief economist at Gluskin Sheff, said. The retaliation by other countries has barely begun. The United States economy could start to disappoint. Who Really Won Saudi Women the Right to Drive? :', '2018-06-19': "Italian minister's Roma census talk causes outrage - CNN : Italian interior minister's Roma census announcement causes outrage :  (CNN)Italian Interior Minister Matteo Salvini has doubled down on his proposal that the country carries out a census of its Roma population, rejecting critics who accused him of racism. The V20E was designed and built by Jaguar Vector in partnership with Jaguar Racing's technical partner Williams Advanced Engineering. Stocks in the United States shrugged off early losses and wound up with a mixed finish on Monday. Consumer products and packaged-foods companies stumbled and drug makers and distributors fell, as did health insurers. That continued a pattern that has persisted for more than three months. The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 103.01 points, or 0.4 percent, to 24,987.47. How different are the Trump administration’s approaches to the two countries and what are their chances of success? @ our franchise is much stronger today than it was back then.” @ Is the slowdown or the innovation an illusion? Without innovation, the rising prosperity of the past two centuries would have been impossible. In truth, innovation, not productivity, is almost everything. @ One possible explanation is mismeasurement. Several researchers do argue on these lines. What it will be in future — slow or disruptive — we do not yet know.", '2018-06-20': 'Researchers Seek Smarter Paths to A.I. : A branch of A.I. called deep learning has transformed computer performance in tasks like vision and speech. But meaning, reasoning and common sense remain elusive. The legislation makes several basic human-rights activities illegal. Australians trust Xi Jinping more than Donald Trump, survey shows - CNN : Australians trust Xi Jinping more than Donald Trump, survey shows : (CNN)Australians trust US President Donald Trump less than Chinese President Xi Jinping, and many view Trump\'s presidency as a "critical" threat to their country, according to a national survey published Wednesday. Putin\'s World Cup charm offensive continued this week. But that hasn\'t kept the foreign visitors away from Russia. We will protest against this with all our strength and we call on you to as well. The trading followed declines in stock markets in Frankfurt, London and Paris. Credit: MATT PHILLIPS and PRASHANT S. RAO; Elsie Chen contributed research from Beijing. The drop is so significant that the agency has revised its estimates of how long the program will continue to be financially secure. A drop of several hundred thousand may not sound like much. Video: Binder & Binder® -- The National Social Security Disability Advocates® Watch on YouTube.] We thought the numbers for disability would go up forever."', '2018-06-21': 'Immigration : The president, vice president and homeland security secretary have said the surge of migrants illegally entering the United States has reached emergency levels. With a global backdrop that is not improving anymore, we have to be careful about the back half of 2018 and 2019." By mid-June, it was putting the figure at 4.5 percent. Exports account for just 12 percent of American gross domestic product. But it\'s become more like the base case." We definitely could hire more than we have." Photograph Above, Boyds department store in Philadelphia. Consumer spending is exceeding forecasts. Czech, Austrian, Hungarian, Slovakian and Polish leaders at a meeting of the Visegrad Group. A European Council meeting is scheduled for the end of next week. Other media companies such as Netflix and Viacom climbed as investors hoped more deals would follow. Shares of Walgreens, its replacement, surged. Some experts think Comcast will raise its offer again. The dollar rose to 110.39 yen from 110.01 yen. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Newer artificial intelligence programmes are also targeted. Reinforcement by the Italian Coast Guard or merchant ships is required. Further information follows," the NGO tweeted. But that it published at all was a surprise.', '2018-06-22': 'Migrant rescue vessels suspend operations after Italian intervention - CNN : 2 migrant rescue vessels suspend operations after Italian intervention :  (CNN)Amid the ongoing controversy over immigration, the owners of two rescue boats say Italy has forced them to stop operating. The boats are operated by German nongovernmental organizations. The new populist government demanded that other European nations help deal with the immigration issue despite protests in Rome supporting the migrants. This story has been updated with the latest information about the number of migrants on board one of the rescue boats. But in a trade war no sides are left unscathed. Take the Mack Truck factory in Pennsylvania. American substitutes are not readily available, if at all. BMW already has factories in South Africa and China, among other countries. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT. We went to work for 10 years to strengthen it, stronger capital, stronger liquidity, stress testing, resolution planning. We want to tailor those regulations for institutions." Washington sees a larger pattern, fueling tensions with Beijing.: The Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped for the eighth day in a row. This week they have received some signs that this is happening. Its last losing streak this long was in March 2017. Online retailers dropped following the Supreme Court ruling. That helped stocks that pay big dividends including utilities and real estate investment trusts.', '2018-06-23': 'After making it through the annual, government-run stress tests on Thursday, the largest United States banks could soon be free to pay out as much as $90 billion in spare profits to their shareholders. Wall Street\'s chief executives are enjoying hefty paydays. The results on Thursday suggest that most will get what they want. But Mr. Dimon rejected such assertions in an interview. " Many banks have a huge amount of capital they can\'t deploy right away." The six largest American banks -- JPMorgan, Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley -- have done particularly well. But, no, if we can do it better, then let\'s make it better." Illustration DRAWING (DRAWING BY MINH UONG/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B7): Shares of oil prices and energy companies rallied on Friday after OPEC said it would produce more oil, but not as much as investors feared. The Dow Jones industrial average broke an eight-day losing streak. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.90 percent. But the above example probably doesn\'t capture everything that goes on when making these calculations. He\'s ripped more than a few pages out of Trump\'s playbook. More than 600,000 have landed in Italy since 2013. Foreign powers, foreign capital, foreign media took from the Italian people its sovereignty.', '2018-06-24': 'New Law Expands Medicare Benefits Of Patients Fighting Chronic Illnesses : Medicare health plans will be able to combine medical and social services under a new law that had support from both parties in Congress and the Trump administration. Scientists say new production of a banned industrial chemical is damaging the ozone layer. Turkey\'s President and leader of ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) Recep Tayyip Erdogan addresses supporters. We continue to have great concerns about this situation. " I would like to congratulate our nation once again. In the largest city, Istanbul, cars in the street and boats on the Bosporus honked their horns and fireworks lit up the sky. That\'s because of the evil forces and many traitors inside the country. I am very, very upset," Burcu, an Istanbul resident, said. " Really, really... as a young woman... I am only 25. " President Recep Tayyip Erdogan casts his vote in Istanbul on Sunday. If you look at the turnout rates its almost 90%. CNN\'s Jonny Hallam and Darran Simon contributed to this report. Erdogan Extends Power in Turkey, Winning Election : The vote was the first to be held since Turkey narrowly approved a referendum last year to give the president, once a largely ceremonial role, sweeping executive authority.', '2018-06-25': 'Liberals Clash Over Steering Off High Road : Progressives’ public shaming of Trump administration members in recent days has opened a rift in the party over whether to embrace or discourage such behavior. China is embarrassed by its reputation as Knock-off Central. Goaded perhaps by politicians, it is becoming less tolerant. Similar credit booms have typically preceded crises in other countries. ” How far it escalates remains unclear, but initial responses do not suggest an easy way of defusing the conflict. @ No country wins in a trade war, whatever Mr Trump thinks. If you restrict the supply of something, its price tends to go up. China is cutting the amount of reserves the country’s banks are required to keep on deposit at the central bank, freeing up more than $100bn to help cushion a slowing economy and the impact of a potential trade war with the US. @ In Canada they call it the Love, Actually effect. Among neighbours, the Visegrad Four — Poland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Hungary — are fierce critics. The relationship does not look so good these days. It does not contain the properties that make people high. Low unemployment and strong growth have Americans feeling good about the economy.', '2018-06-26': 'Australia spy drones to boost surveillance operations over South China Sea. - Read More"It is very important for us to know who is operating in our area and therefore be able to respond if necessary to any threats," Pyne told ABC News. " The waters are some of the most hotly contested in the world. It\'s empty words unless you have physical presence," he said. CNN\'s Pia Deshpande contributed to this report: Investors have stopped not caring about a trade war. Semiconductor companies were especially hard hit. Because of those companies\' large sizes, moves in their stock prices have big impacts on stock market indexes. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Talk of this developing into a full scale global trade war is no longer regarded as completely fanciful. @ Today’s worst enemy becomes tomorrow’s best friend, with very little in between. Venezuela and North Korea — not so much.: What I knew was that I was in survival mode. Wage growth has crept up over the past two years. There were days when we might have to shut a line down." But eventually he realized that he had to tackle the problem himself. AuthorAffiliation Follow Ben Casselman on Twitter: @bencasselman. Australia spy drones to boost surveillance operations over South China Sea. -', '2018-06-27': 'Crude prices accelerated on Tuesday after reports that the US is pushing big oil consumer nations to cut their imports from Iran following the Trump administration’s withdrawal from the nuclear deal in May. @ Republican Larry Hogan is one of the country’s most popular governors. You can try to play down a trade war with China. The yield curve is basically the difference between interest rates on short-term United States government bonds, say, two-year Treasury notes, and long-term government bonds, like 10-year Treasury notes. It was last at these levels in 2007 when the United States economy was heading into what was arguably the worst recession in almost 80 years. When that happens, the yield curve has "inverted." In that sense, the government bond market isn\'t alone. I express contrary views only when I believe it is a matter of substantial significance. " Money helpsAs The Beatles once sang, "money can\'t buy me love. I don\'t think there\'s any doubt about that. If they do, it would increase demand from other countries, which would likely produce more oil to pick up the slack. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. (', '2018-06-28': 'If Money Managers Back Bitcoin : If institutional money managers decide to commit a fraction of their capital to a portfolio of cryptocurrencies, they might double the size of the sector. The market\'s strongest area was the energy sector. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. But it has stabilized and is now trading at nearly double its price last June. I want to share the upside with my shareholders." That time period was shortened to two days last September.) But this year, the conflicts have intensified. The visa program also feeds the increasingly bitter debate over immigration. Digging in the dirt and heaving equipment in blistering heat produces aching backs and raw hands. Would you pay $50 to plant a bush in your garden?" " Everyone in politics is afraid to do anything." AuthorAffiliation Follow Patricia Cohen on Twitter: @patcohenNYT. Photograph Laying a sprinkler line for the client of a Colorado landscaper. Credit: ANA SWANSON, ALAN RAPPEPORT and JIM TANKERSLEY; Eileen Sullivan contributed reporting. China is among the countries that have banned such deals outright. But her election win was so slim, she now need so pay attention. Merkel does have French President Emmanuel Macron on her side. That would give her more breathing space. " After Ethics Warning, M.T.A. Chairman Got Email Approving of His Outside Jobs : Joseph J. Lhota, the chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, has faced questions over holding other jobs.', '2018-06-29': 'Forget the football, Vladimir Putin is the real World Cup winner - CNN : Forget the football, Vladimir Putin is the real World Cup winner : Moscow (CNN)Vladimir Putin is having a good World Cup. Read MoreThat\'s more than just a diplomatic nicety. Putin and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev attend the opening ceremony of the World Cup. I\'d like to hear someone say \'That\'s a bad idea. \'" Though many of the details in the communique were vague at best, its biggest achievement may have been acknowledging that EU solidarity is the only way to avert a repeat of the 2015 migration crisis that saw hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers flowing uncontrolled into Europe. Process asylums according to Libyan or Tunisian law? Is it even legal if they are unsafe there. That doesn\'t bode well for future cooperation. This can repeat in two weeks, three weeks. Accord trouvé sur les migrations : une approche européenne confirmée, un agenda complet acté (action extérieure, protection des frontières, responsabilité et solidarité européennes), les propositions françaises adoptées. # Italian demonstrators hold a banner reading "against fascism, racism and sexism." Many make the perilous journey on dangerously overcrowded boats. Credit: KEITH BRADSHER; Ailin Tang contributed research. China’s ministry of commerce already claims', '2018-06-30': 'Sen. Tim Scott calls race discussion with Trump \'painful,\' \'uncomfortable,\' but \'hopeful\' - CNNPolitics : Sen. Tim Scott calls race discussion with Trump \'painful,\' \'uncomfortable,\' but \'hopeful\' : Washington (CNN)Republican Sen. Tim Scott discussed conversations he\'s held with President Donald Trump on the issue of race, calling them difficult and "uncomfortable," but also saying they gave him reason to be hopeful. Scott told host Van Jones that he and the President didn\'t end their conversation in agreement, but he felt the talk was constructive. CNN"s Juana Summers contributed to this report. No special agent is going to stop me from talking. The DHS inspector general\'s office did not immediately return a request for comment. A federal judge extended their government aid for a few more days. Trump Presses Saudis to Pump More Oil : The president tweeted that Saudi Arabia might raise production by up to two million barrels a day. Wage growth came in solid enough that there wasn\'t a major concern." The Dow Jones industrial average gained 55.36 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,271.41. Both set records as recently as last week. Now, Beijing is starting to tap the brakes. Our enterprises and Belt and Road Initiative countries will face financing difficulties." But even with its financial firepower, China has its limits. Project activity could pick up later this year, of course. China also tends to extend loans mainly to countries with significant natural resources. A Belt and Road slowdown may also be natural.', '2018-07-01': 'Sen. Tim Scott calls race discussion with Trump \'painful,\' \'uncomfortable,\' but \'hopeful\' - CNNPolitics : Sen. Tim Scott calls race discussion with Trump \'painful,\' \'uncomfortable,\' but \'hopeful\' : Washington (CNN)Republican Sen. Tim Scott discussed conversations he\'s held with President Donald Trump on the issue of race, calling them difficult and "uncomfortable," but also saying they gave him reason to be hopeful. Scott told host Van Jones that he and the President didn\'t end their conversation in agreement, but he felt the talk was constructive. CNN"s Juana Summers contributed to this report. No special agent is going to stop me from talking. The DHS inspector general\'s office did not immediately return a request for comment. A federal judge extended their government aid for a few more days. Trump Presses Saudis to Pump More Oil : The president tweeted that Saudi Arabia might raise production by up to two million barrels a day. Wage growth came in solid enough that there wasn\'t a major concern." The Dow Jones industrial average gained 55.36 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,271.41. Both set records as recently as last week. Now, Beijing is starting to tap the brakes. Our enterprises and Belt and Road Initiative countries will face financing difficulties." But even with its financial firepower, China has its limits. Project activity could pick up later this year, of course. China also tends to extend loans mainly to countries with significant natural resources. A Belt and Road slowdown may also be natural.', '2018-07-02': 'U.S. Eases Restriction  On Imports Of Iran Oil : The Trump administration said it would not penalize reduced Iranian oil imports in at least some cases, a move that is likely to soothe market concerns. The other 18 percent of VMware is publicly traded as a different stock.) Turns out that was completely wrong, too." The transaction would help simplify what has been a complicated stock structure. But the work of evolving a company is never done." Credit: MICHAEL J. de la MERCED; Don Clark contributed reporting. PHOTOGRAPH BY STEPHAN SAVOIA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)Butchers seek government help to combat militant vegans - CNN : Butchers seek government help to combat militant vegans :  (CNN)The struggle between vegans and the meat industry in France takes a new turn Tuesday as butchers meet with government officials to appeal for strengthened protection from the "terrorism" of vegan militants. For me it\'s the vegan community that is responsible," Guihard told CNN. I understand why it would be devastating. President Emmanuel Macron had promised both measures in his election campaign. The party has not yet responded to the announcement. Before business school it would never have occurred to me to go down this path.” With just 10 months to go before Britain leaves the EU, that is entirely comprehensible. Yet such results are the opposite of those of almost all other economists. But his own analogy was even more unnerving: August 1914. There are massive benefits to such interconnectivity.', '2018-07-03': 'China’s parliament has drafted a tax cut that will slash tax for most individuals, as part of the government’s efforts to boost consumption and reduce inequality. @ An authoritative non-government survey in 2016 estimated that the true figure was even higher. But its 2,413 buildings are on average more than 60 years old, and they are plagued with leaky roofs, mold, broken elevators and faulty heating systems. For now, however, the automaker is celebrating. President Vladimir Putin has proved he can put on circuses for his people. Keeping the bread coming is proving trickier. Retirement ages will rise for men from 60 to 65 by 2028, and for women from 55 to 63 by 2034. In theory, this would have allowed the country to build a nuclear power export industry. Read MoreA wild koala in Victoria, Australia. " Koala populations have plummeted since European settlement. Kathy Belov and Rebecca Johnson, are scientists and professors at the University of Sydney. The team was composed of 54 scientists from 29 institutions in seven countries. Full data on China’s import and export flows with all trading partners are not slated for release until July 13. @ Last week, futures slid a further 4 per cent.', '2018-07-04': 'Thousands Protest In Poland Over Supreme Court Purge : "With no guarantees of basic freedoms, the fundamental rights of Polish citizens will be destroyed," said the top justice. EU campaign, pictured in June 2018 in Bristol, England. According to the latest accounts of Leave. I intend to pop in and see the [Russian] ambassador as well. " Efforts by CNN to reach Van den Brul were unsuccessful. MI6 is Britain\'s foreign intelligence service. Meanwhile, Chinese equities erased their earlier losses. But some analysts said the market still had room to fall. It is an open question — for which there will be no immediate answer, as he does not assume office until December — what exactly he will do with this mandate. His programme lacks detail, deliberately so. In the past he has advocated mass nationalisation. The limited authorisation runs from July 2 until August 1. @ New breakthroughs were being achieved with each passing day. First, we could send emails outside our organisations, then we could send attachments. The company has had other tough moments since its initial public offering in 2011. AuthorAffiliation Follow Stanley Reed and Michael J. de la Merced on Twitter: @stanleyreed12 and @m_delamerced. Top Polish Court in Chaos After Judges Defy Purge : Lech Walesa, the Solidarity leader and former president, warned of “civil war” if the right-wing governing party did not cease efforts to erode the independence of Poland’s judiciary.', '2018-07-05': "Malaysia has suspended a fourth China-linked project in addition to the three infrastructure initiatives it halted on Wednesday, in the latest effort to cut government spending and to ramp up investigations into 1MDB, the scandal-hit state investment fund. @ Mr Wang, 57, died on Tuesday after falling off a wall near a church in Provence. A former civil aviation official, he directed most of the operations at the company he had jointly headed since it was founded in the early 1990s. @ As Beijing assesses its options for shoring up the renminbi, it finds itself between a rock and a hard place in three important respects. Its international reputation depends on it. What one day in Angela Merkel's diary reveals about the state of Europe - CNN : What one day in Angela Merkel's diary reveals about the state of Europe : Berlin  (CNN)Last week was a bad one for German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Sebastian Kurz and Horst Seehofer attend a press conference in Berlin in June. The hospitalization of a British couple at the weekend may also be on the agenda. Correction: We've updated this story to correct the time of the meeting between Theresa May and Angela Merkel. Atika Shubert and Nadine Schmidt reported from Berlin and Judith Vonberg wrote in London.", '2018-07-06': 'Profits at the UK’s top 100 restaurant groups have fallen 64 per cent over the past year, from £345m to £125m, according to research by accountancy group UHY Hacker Young. @ Overall the economy in the past 18 months has been very good,” said Michael Haberman, president of Gradall Industries, an Ohio based excavator manufacturer. “ But we are very concerned about the tariffs. ” Spiralling trade tensions between the US and its key trading partners are starting to reshape the market for agricultural commodities. It\'s that it would do so in a way the Fed would not be able to easily offset. They don\'t have the right tools for dealing with it." The central bank became even more central than usual to every economic discussion. He is also the head of the banking and insurance regulator. @ It seriously jeopardises the global industrial chain\u2009. The Austrian government has not yet consented to that proposal. " CNN\'s Taylor Barnes also contributed to this report.: The big question remains: How far will the two countries go in their dispute. " The decline in oil prices weighed on some energy stocks. The dollar strengthened to 110.68 yen from 110.49 yen on Wednesday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. (', '2018-07-07': 'Nursing Homes Routinely Mask Low Staff Levels : Payroll records for more than 14,000 facilities show that the number of nurses and aides at work dips far below average some days and consistently sinks on weekends. Over all, the economy added 213,000 jobs. But the slow pace does undercut arguments that the economy is in danger of revving too fast. " Many employers limit hours to avoid paying benefits like health insurance. Among whites, the jobless rate is 3.5 percent.) PHOTOGRAPH BY HEATHER ROUSSEAU/THE ROANOKE TIMES, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (B2) CHARTS: The Labor Picture in June (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B2): The trade dispute between the United States and China escalated on Friday, but Wall Street focused on a solid jobs report instead. Technology companies also notched solid gains. The yield on the 10-year Treasury fell to 2.82 percent from 2.83 percent late Thursday. President Trump has said that trade wars are "easy to win." The Chinese immediately responded with tariffs on an equal volume of American soybeans, pork, automobiles and other products. Every country is calling every day, saying, let\'s make a deal, let\'s make a deal. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. Photograph President Trump on Thursday at a rally in Montana.', '2018-07-08': 'In Colombia, Fears That Death Squad Case Will Be Scuttled : Santiago Uribe is accused of commanding a death squad. But his brother, Álvaro, was once president, and his political fortunes are back on the rise. Elites Meet in Idaho,  And Trade War Moves : Banks will start reporting earnings from the second quarter, and data on prices of consumer goods will probably show that inflation picked up in June. David Davis resigns from Theresa May\'s Cabinet in split over Brexit - CNN : David Davis resigns from Theresa May\'s Cabinet in split over Brexit :  (CNN)The Brexit strategy of British Prime Minister Theresa May was dealt a serious blow on Monday with the unexpected resignation of the cabinet minister directly responsible for managing the process of leaving the European Union. " Brexit Ministe David Davis leaves 10 Downing Street in central London after attending the weekly cabinet meeting on July 3. If Johnson also resigns, May\'s ability to remain as Prime Minister would be seriously weakened. " JUST WATCHEDBrexit countdown: Have minds changed?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHBrexit countdown: Have minds changed? The government currently only has a whisker-thin majority, thanks to the support of the right-wing Northern Irish Democratic Union Party (DUP). CNN\'s Charles Riley, Darran Simon and Flora Charner contributed to this report.', '2018-07-09': 'Will Brexit still happen after Theresa May\'s political crisis? - CNN : Will Brexit still happen after Theresa May\'s political crisis? The likelihood of a challenge to her leadership has increased dramatically. The Conservative Party was split between those vehemently pro-Brexit and those who had backed remaining in the EU. Only a few weeks ago it seemed as though their side was getting their way. Johnson followed suit on Monday afternoon. Will the government fall?This is unlikely. The final deal must be approved by votes in the British and European Parliaments. With key deadlines looming, the government says it\'s doing everything it can but in some cases will need more time than the court has given them. Read MoreCourt testimony makes that clear. Some parents have been released from ICE custody. " It\'s startling that the record-keeping is not there. So there must be an address," the ACLU\'s Lee Gelernt said. " CNN\'s Tal Kopan contributed to this report.: Emily Flitter This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. It’s yours if you\'ll you seize the moment. May acted quickly to replace the ministers.', '2018-07-10': 'Charity accuses UK of \'four-year failure\' on foreign students - CNN : Charity accuses UK government of \'four-year failure\' over foreign students  : London (CNN)A charity has accused the UK government of a "four-year failure" in its treatment of thousands of foreign nationals, mostly students, whose visas were revoked or refused after they were accused of cheating in an English language test. Read More"Thousands of students are trapped. How do you find out who is genuine and who is a fraud? It has pushed people out of work and into poverty and debt. It has had severe impacts on physical and mental health, and family and community relationships." It feels like somebody keeps stabbing you in the back. " Beijing, predictably, immediately retaliated with tariffs of its own. We need a government that is capable of governing. It gathers information about users’ consumption and behaviour patterns. At Apple, the business accounts for 23 per cent. While he has attacked Nato previously, his comments will further raise concerns that the US president intends to upend the Nato summit in a similar way to the recent G7 in Canada. @ “ Can Wall Street ride out an escalating trade war? @ What sets successful mergers apart from the failures?', '2018-07-11': 'Alabama Shifts on Jail Food Payments : Gov. Kay Ivey ordered officials to rein in a decades-old practice of paying sheriffs personally to feed prisoners and then allowing the sheriffs to keep unspent funds for themselves. But it appears to be imploding amid allegations of financial mismanagement, attempted extortion and faked documents. Advocates want the court to rethink its decisions. Poland slipped in 2017 below the benchmark to 1.99%. " The letters were first reported in The New York Times. It also stores tanks and artillery in Norwegian caves. I don\'t think he understands what alliances are -- everything is, \'What are you going to give me and what am I going to get out of it?\'" " Putin is emboldened pretty much with or without Trump. And if he really does drop a bombshell, that will obviously impact the visit here, and then of course who knows what will happen with Putin?"CNN\'s Rory Smith, Mark Oliver, Byron Manley and Henrik Pettersson contributed to this report. Chinese companies dominate important parts of the global supply chain. Most egregiously, in 13 cases UK personnel witnessed mistreatment first hand. Merkel Replies To U.S. Attacks With Caution : The president waged a harsh attack on Germany at the NATO meeting, saying it was “captive” of Russia. The market is at its highest level since early February. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2018-07-12': ': Global stock indexes sank Wednesday after the Trump administration released a list of $200 billion in goods that could be hit with tariffs and China said it would retaliate. The dollar spiked and big exporters plunged. That response would likely include measures other than tariffs. When you start adding all of that together, you end up with typically higher inflation and low productivity," he said. " The Nasdaq composite fell 42.59 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,716.61. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. China’s example is less relevant because of its sheer size.) @ The reaction last week was very short and the focus turned to earnings. South Korea has warned that the escalating trade war between the US and China could hit its exports of “intermediary goods” used in Chinese home appliances, computers and telecoms devices, highlighting growing concerns over the economic impact of the trade row on third countries. @ The dispute was first reported by Reuters news agency. @ “ But we are talking and there is progress. ”', '2018-07-13': 'U.S. Lifts Ban on ZTE After $1 Billion Penalty : The Commerce Department said the Chinese telecommunications firm had met the terms of a settlement deal and was no longer subject to an order that had pushed it to the brink of financial collapse. The first US government forecast incorporating the agricultural fallout from its trade war with China has come to a firm conclusion on soyabeans: China will import less, American farmers will lose business and Brazil will be a beneficiary. @ I see China’s hands all over this,” he said. Hopes of a breakthrough in relations were raised last month when the two leaders met in a historic summit in Singapore. When in doubt over the past 10 years, it has made sense to blame China. This is, in part, a classic correction after stocks had become plainly overvalued. But it is also popular to blame the drama over tariffs, which has dominated economic news for weeks. I suspect we should instead worry more about internal developments in China. @ Both are up nearly 30 per cent for the year so far. He also pledged to scrap a high-speed rail link with Singapore and renegotiate their five-decades long water supply contract. Not always, of course, but when it suits them. @', '2018-07-14': 'Deaths in Suicide Attack In Pakistan Climb to 128 : The country is preparing for elections, but political turmoil and a spate of terrorist attacks on candidates threaten to undermine the credibility of the vote.: Higher interest rates may also be deterring borrowers. And banks may be holding back because they don\'t want to extend loans that have a higher chance of defaulting. It\'s not a constraint on organic loan growth," he said. Shares of consumer-focused companies like Amazon set record highs. This is the first case that focused on asbestos in the talcum powder. Adjusted for inflation, earnings for most American workers have not risen in the past year. Officials blamed that sluggishness on persistent weakness in labor productivity. " This decision may reflect a lack of affordable child care." Now, complaints of labor shortages are as common as tweets. For the first time in a long while, workers have some leverage to push for more. Yet many are far from making up all the lost ground. So far this year, it has raised rates twice. Workers\' compensation has fallen to 62 percent. They never give you an opportunity to move on." Nor are those extra profits going into business expansion. Credit: PATRICIA COHEN; Ben Casselman contributed reporting. Did somebody say they had to separate children from their parents at border?" They can\'t even solve that problem that they created. "" Looking to the futureWhen it comes to the future, Garcetti is looking for a change. "', '2018-07-15': 'F.B.I. Confidence in Leadership Fell in the Year After Comey Was Fired : Internal data show that F.B.I. morale remains high under the new director, but the figures further undercut one of President Trump’s explanations for firing James B. Comey. Seat at Table Gives Putin Upper Hand : By attacking Europe and starting a trade war with America’s closest allies, President Trump has already advanced the agenda of President Vladimir V. Putin, analysts say.: By contrast, the average international stock fund fell 2.3 percent. U.S. corporate earnings have been very good." But that could change if the outlook worsens. People recognize some of these folks are not going to be able to get a full meal out of what\'s left." Just who will suffer and how much remain to be seen. " Are Argentina, Turkey, Brazil, Indonesia and South Africa isolated events, or are they systemic? The emerging perception is there\'s something systemic." There have been plenty of problems affecting all bonds. Rising interest rates pushed yields higher and bond prices lower. Total return in a bond fund is the combination of a portfolio\'s yield and the changes to the price of its bonds.) Sometimes those bets will pay off, sometimes they won\'t. If you\'re going to do it, make sure you know what you\'re doing." This might be speculative, but it could pay off." Investors, he said, have bought into that concept. PHOTOGRAPHS BY COLE BURSTON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)', '2018-07-16': 'Heiko Maas: Europe \'can\'t completely rely on White House\' - CNN : Europe \'can\'t completely rely on White House,\' says German foreign minister : (CNN)Germany\'s foreign minister said Monday that the European Union could "no longer completely rely on the White House," echoing Chancellor Angela Merkel\'s veiled criticism of US President Donald Trump a year ago and amplifying a war of words between the two allies. Most of his predecessors, by contrast, did not kick off their campaigns until after the midterms. Humpback whale tangled in shark net freed off Australia - CNN : Humpback whale tangled in shark net freed off Australia : (CNN)A dramatic rescue operation successfully freed a humpback whale trapped in a shark net off Australia\'s Gold Coast. These shark nets are indiscriminate killers.": SHANGHAI -- On the surface, China\'s economy is humming along smoothly. Those figures belie warning signs elsewhere. Chinese stocks are in bear market territory. That spending has kept steel and concrete factories in business and helped provide paychecks to millions of workers. China now appears to be splitting the difference. Credit: KEITH BRADSHER; Ailin Tang contributed research. But striking that balance will become more difficult given the added pressure from the trade war. We are engaged with the US government and with the Chinese government . . . Ant Financial is the finance affiliate of Alibaba.', '2018-07-17': ': Major indexes closed mostly lower on Monday as investors bought bank shares but sold most other types of stocks, including health care and technology companies. Energy stocks sank along with oil prices. Copper lost 0.4 percent to $2.76 a pound. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Shares in Xiaomi fell 10 per cent before recovering. Our culture is the wild rice and gathering and being out in the woods. If there\'s a threat to that, then there\'s a direct threat to the people. Despite the MPUC\'s ruling that the pipeline is necessary, the Line 3 replacement is far from a done deal. CNN\'s Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report. In a key sentence in my remarks I said the word \'would\' instead of \'wouldn\'t,\' " the President said Tuesday. That must be the intelligence agencies," he quipped. "" Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!"', '2018-07-18': 'Sinclair Alters Tribune Bid, but F.C.C. Orders Review : The TV operator said it would sell off two stations through an independent trust. Trump Administration Seeks to Further Curb U.S. Asylum System : The government has taken steps to restrict access to asylum, sending a message that America is no longer a safe haven for many hopeful refugees.: The Fed looked the other way," she said. " It looks like, to me, the Fed is heading in the wrong direction here." The comments caused a dip in Fannie and Freddie\'s stock prices. Photograph The Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, on Capitol Hill on Tuesday. But this crucial point is lost on Mr Trump. And, when times are better, you don’t want to leave. Until very recently, such a revolt seemed out of the question. Consumers will ultimately pay a higher price for everything they buy. @ The US is certainly a more open economy than China. Read More"Just how low will your govt stoop @theresa_may?" " Also apologies for late reply, been speaking at an event.— " MPs approved plans for proxy voting in February, but these have not yet become law. Labour MP and Shadow Foreign Secretary Emily Thornberry called the episode "disgraceful. The phenomenon is particularly noticeable in US and Asian markets, excluding Japan,', '2018-07-19': 'Test Run Shows a Surprising Result : A New Zealand firm reduced its workweek to 32 hours over four days, and found that workers were more productive during their time at work. Many analysts believe worse is to come. @ “ Thousands of peer-to-peer platforms have already been shut. @ Risk of default is going to weigh on market sentiment. That is not the case today — at least so far. It is easy to construct a scenario in which it does. “ There are several lessons investors should draw. I am not saying this to scold or commend anyone. " CNN\'s Radina Gigova reported from Atlanta. Still, some Republican senators -- like Maine\'s Susan Collins, Alaska\'s Lisa Murkowski and Kentucky\'s Rand Paul -- are seen as potential no votes. After the 2016 election, Trump nominated Gorsuch. This Gallup survey was conducted from July 10-15, 2018 among 1,296 adults. It has a margin of sampling error of ±3 percentage points; it is larger for subgroups.: In the world of finance, there is one number that arguably matters more than any other. Therefore, the friendship and the alliance of Montenegro and the United States of America is strong and permanent. Why should my son go to Montenegro to defend it from attack?"', '2018-07-20': 'Russian president Vladimir Putin accused the American political establishment of threatening the US economy, its national security and its allies with criticism of Donald Trump following the two leaders’ summit. @ No matter what differences we have, the first step is made. ”“ But they missed an opportunity to do what oppositions do: oppose. The same, of course, must be true when the barriers go up. Capable, flexible, upgradeable, connected, affordable,” declared the slogan behind the model aircraft. This has nothing to do with what I feel, nothing whatsoever,” she insisted on Wednesday as she imposed a €4.3bn fine on Google over its Android mobile operating system. @ I can’t believe there is still such a stupid country. Some of his comments didn\'t land well with the London audience. " Not even football has escaped the political turmoil. Police officers nearby do not appear to make any attempt to intervene. The ministry declined to specify who the third party was. 🔴🔴🔴🔴 ALERTA VIOLENCES POLICIÈRES DES POLICIERS TABASSENT ET GAZENT TOUT LE MONDE PLACE CONTREESCARPE !! The man was not dangerous, he was on the ground and begging him to stop. Then he stopped and I got closer and filmed his face and said, \'Look at this face. " CNN\'s Saskya Vandoorne reported from Paris and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. The German court did say he could be extradited to face a corruption charge.', '2018-07-21': ': United States markets inched lower on Friday as bond yields jumped, a shift that helped banks but hurt companies that pay big dividends. If there\'s a tossup between raising and not raising, you wonder what role these types of comments might possibly play," said Sameer Samana, a strategist for the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. The People\'s Bank of China weakened the country\'s currency against the dollar on Friday. If the renminbi continues to depreciate, goods exported to China will become more expensive to consumers there and Chinese exports would also be relatively cheaper. Heating oil edged up 0.7 percent to $2.10 a gallon. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (: Money is flowing in from everywhere, and that\'s terrific." I raised 50, and they matched us," he said. " In another Twitter post on Friday, Mr. Trump defended his strategy. " A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers." Credit: ANA SWANSON, JIM TANKERSLEY and ALAN RAPPEPORT; Ana Swanson and Jim Tankersley reported from Washington, and Alan Rappeport from Buenos Aires. Matt Phillips contributed reporting from New York.', '2018-07-22': 'Fiat Chrysler Loses Leader, And Faces Bumpy Road : The carmaker already faced difficulties, including a reliance on the Jeep and Ram divisions and a limited presence in China, before it was forced to replace its chief executive, Sergio Marchionne. Queens Abortion Clinic Loses Legal Fight : The federal judge’s ruling came in response to a lawsuit filed by the New York attorney general’s office that aggressive protesters violated laws guaranteeing reproductive health access. On This, All Candidates Agree: Connecticut’s Economy Is Hurting : The Republican and Democratic hopefuls agree the state’s weak economy and stagnant job growth are top priorities, but not on the best ways to address them. ‘We Are Paying With Our Blood’: Deadly Pre-election Attacks Put Pakistan on Edge : A series of deadly attacks at election rallies and against candidates ahead of Pakistan’s national elections on Wednesday have voters fearing that they may be targeted at the polls.', '2018-07-23': "A War of Words With Iran Risks Spiraling Beyond Control : The military capabilities of the United States dwarf those of Iran, and the Iranians know it. Still, they will not back down from a confrontation. Google's parent company, Alphabet, announces its earnings on Monday after the closing bell. Then Facebook reports on Wednesday, Amazon on Thursday and Twitter on Friday. Edmund Lee This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Sales and investment are also likely to continue rising in value terms due to increasing prices. @ When the pig grows up, it’s ready to be slaughtered. Some 95% of rape victims are women, the report says. I’ve been feeling a little worried about job security lately. I am the global business columnist for the world’s most global business publication. I have immigrant parents, two passports, and have lived and worked in many countries. No, this doesn' t mean I' m pro-Trump or pro-trade war. You just don’t have the distractions that I would have had back in Washington, holding down a full-time job. ” And while few have summited K2, many have perished in attempting the climb.", '2018-07-24': 'Changsheng Biotechnology, the drugmaker at the centre of China’s latest safety scandal, slumped for a seventh straight session on Tuesday as public outrage over a revelation that the company sold fake vaccines intensified and authorities launched an investigation. @ The moves came after China’s central bank injected Rmb502bn ($74bn) into its banking system on Monday to help fortify a weakening domestic economy against the impact of an escalating trade war with the US and growing friction with Washington over its falling currency. But for this to work immediately on the ground, we need to be united -- not just now, but also in the long run. " The cabinet also pledged to ensure “appropriate” credit growth. Lawyer, With Experience at Defense Dept., More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. That indicates the market is expecting these sorts of beats against earnings." The dollar fell to 111.40 yen from 111.49 yen on Friday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart 3-Month Treasury Bills: High rate at weekly auction. (: Tax cuts aren\'t responsible for all of that growth. Here are some key themes that could emerge. China Tower controls more than 1.8m mobile towers, or', '2018-07-25': 'Turkey Moves Pastor to House Arrest : The U.S. said the move was ‘not enough.’ Both paths are risky and could prove to be dead ends. The major U.S. stock indexes finished mostly higher Tuesday as investors welcomed strong corporate earnings reports from Google parent Alphabet and other companies. The drugmaker also raised its forecast for the year. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Britain’s prosperity relies on its open economy. But this reputation for openness cannot be taken for granted. Economic nationalism is rising across western democracies. Yet after an unexpected delay, the deal went through. Breaching the government’s recommendations would be a criminal offence. How can we live in an environment without food and drug safety?” In contrast, those EM countries with surpluses were sheltered. Other easing signals were also boosting sentiment. Still, tariffs hurt, and we\'re starting to see some precursors of an impact already." How do things look if you put it all together?: The annual federal deficit is heading toward $1 trillion. They are sitting up a little straighter in the chair." The economy generally plays a supporting role. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ PHOTOGRAPH BY AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)', '2018-07-26': 'Wages Rise In Europe, Puzzling Economists : Increases in worker pay have given the European Central Bank confidence to end its main stimulus measure. Yet there is no consensus on why it took so long. The reason is President Trump\'s tax cuts. No other period came close -- until this year. Congress is unlikely to pass another comprehensive spending bill before then. And then there is the possibility of more new spending. Other factors could also be holding corporate tax receipts down. Companies, for example, could write off investments in software or machinery or new buildings. Earnings have still been strong because the potential impacts so far of tariffs are being more than offset by what we see as a very favorable macroeconomic backdrop." The Nasdaq added 91.47 points, or 1.2 percent, to 7,932.24. The gains on Wednesday were not universal. The warnings came after President Donald Trump on Tuesday tweeted tariffs were “the greatest!” Negotiations are going really well, be cool. Lending cuts mean pressure on global carmaker revenues. A new licensing framework targets popular P2P platforms with high delinquency rates. No one could accuse the Chinese leadership of failing to respond to the AI challenge. Malaysian PM Mahathir: \'Most of the top echelons in the government are corrupt\' - CNN : Malaysian PM Mahathir: \'Most of the top echelons in the government are corrupt\'', '2018-07-27': 'Donald Trump’s\xa0 Rose Garden truce with the EU\xa0 has, in the short term, avoided any escalation of a transatlantic trade war and been welcomed from Berlin to Washington by those fearing the economic consequences. The only person who can say for sure is Mr Trump. It is hard to win an election against robots. Anyone could have told Mr Trump that Mr Kim was playing him along. Workers may finally be getting a bigger piece of the economic pie -- at least in Europe. Europe may offer an exception to that trend. Economists there offered numerous theories to explain the phenomenon. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Ewing on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT. Photograph A clothing factory near Porto, Portugal. We left our country just to embark on this journey. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them.__________ How do you bring in new users, how do you keep them coming back, and how do you get them to click on ads? There\'s a reason companies keep some things under wraps. This year alone Apple is up some 15 percent; Alphabet has gained more than 20 percent; Amazon has surged more than 50 percent; and Netflix is up nearly 90 percent. The rout knocked $91 billion off its market value in a day. Both numbers are also subject to big revisions.) That\'s something that you make a judgment on in two or three years."', '2018-07-28': ': Tax cuts and federal spending are adding fuel to the already strong economy, putting the United States on a pace for its best year of growth in well over a decade. President Trump hailed the data as evidence that his policies on trade, taxes and other issues were working. The quarter\'s figures were pumped up by a range of one-time factors that are unlikely to recur. Watch: Ben Casselman answers viewer questions about G.D.P. growth.] Everybody I talk to is literally having banner years the past few years," he said. " We\'re going to see the benefits of it a lot sooner." Whether those policies are a good idea is another question. There is little to suggest that will happen, however. The more immediate risk may be the possibility of a trade war. Credit: BEN CASSELMAN; Mark Landler and Jim Tankersley contributed reporting. Photograph A soybean farmer in Pleasantville, Iowa. Soybean exports were up more than 50 percent in May from a year earlier. ( Growth in Japan, China and Europe has been slowing. Other claims lacked context or foundation. And that\'s the highest level, also, in history." The losses outweighed gains in banks and phone companies.', '2018-07-29': "CNN Key Races: Path to House majority comes into focus as a dozen races move toward Democrats - CNNPolitics : CNN Key Races: Path to House majority comes into focus as a dozen races move toward Democrats :    Washington (CNN)With 100 days until Election Day, Democrats are poised to make substantial gains in the House, bolstered by an energized electorate and some significant headwinds facing Republicans. That compares with 49% of Republicans who say they have a high level of interest. President Donald Trump looks to be a drag for Republicans, with an approval rating stuck between the high 30s and mid 40s depending on the survey. In 2010, independents supported Republicans by 19 points -- 56% to 37%  -- on their way to gaining 63 House seats. Another factor that could add the the challenge here: tariffs on pork and soybeans amid the fallout from the Trump administration's trade dispute with China and other countries. The one area where Poliquin has an overwhelming advantage is money. The GOP incumbent still holds a $1.2 million to $797,000 cash on hand advantage. Northam lost the district by less than four points in 2017. Race moves from Likely Democratic to Solid DemocraticEx-USDA Official Compares Farmers To Stormy Daniels: Got 'Screwed,' Paid Off : Except this time taxpayers are picking up a $12 billion tab, an Ohio farmer said.", '2018-07-30': 'Pompeo Gets Trade Lecture From Peeved Business Ally : As Asian nations move away from the United States and its trade war with China, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce warned of fallout for American firms. Specialised wire for windscreen wipers: yes. It is not a good time to be making toys in China. Most of us are more worried than we’ve been in several decades.” @ Despite the pressures, manufacturers like Mr Dorfman argue that China, the source of 82 per cent of US toy imports last year, and the US, the world’s biggest toy market, depend on each other. There are many awful things that I would like to think I would never do at work. I know a lot of people who have suffered this treatment but I was astonished to learn last week that things have flipped. Companies hunting for workers are finding candidates who sail through interviews and background checks, then abruptly cut off contact when an offer is made, or vanish after accepting a job. @ Sok Eysan, a spokesman for the ruling party, said on Sunday evening that it was on course to win about 100 of 125 parliamentary seats. @ The plant exported more than 70 per cent of the 371,316 vehicles it produced last year.', '2018-07-31': 'More Profits Could Send Apple Past $1 Trillion : Profits rose by nearly a third in the latest quarter, Apple said, news that could soon make the tech giant the first public company worth more than $1 trillion. But his election could signal more tensions in an already strained relationship.: Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ The Trump administration\'s tariffs have pushed up the prices of steel and aluminum and have raised costs for companies that make everything from cars and tractors to dishwashers. Many companies are opting for the latter. The thing about tariffs is that they make a very good excuse: Blame it on Trump." What is more, since the metals tariffs have been in effect only since the start of June, their full impact has not been felt. And telling investors that customers will pay up does not mean they will believe you. This may force the Fed to do more than the market has priced in." Much depends on whether President Trump follows through on his proposed trade policies. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The total population had shrunk by 88%, down to barely 200,000 king penguins. The US chip industry is now starting to face up to an uncomfortable reality.', '2018-08-01': 'White House Considers Another Big Reduction In the Flow of Refugees : Under one proposal, no more than 25,000 refugees could be resettled in the United States next year, a cut of more than 40 percent from this year’s limit. Panic in markets is certainly unwarranted. It is a serious problem that potentially lies just a few months down the road. Didier Saint-Georges is managing director at French asset manager CarmignacChinese economic policy is at a crossroads after a two-year battle against\xa0 excessive debt, a campaign that has inflicted a heavy toll on domestic demand just as a trade war with the US also threatens growth. @ Indeed, such re-calibration has already begun. It does not matter how powerful a nation is. Trade wars encourage predatory state behaviour. Academic research shows that this is more than a pipe dream. They are also less costly and will be marketed extensively. This reflects increased job openings and strong stock market performance. People get nervous when they see or hear about inflation," he said. " It eats away your purchasing power over time. " Medical expenses are the runaway train and will affect everyone. " Technology companies ended a three-day losing streak. Hong Kong\'s Hang Seng index fell 0.5 percent. AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Nicas on Twitter: @jacknicas.', '2018-08-02': 'Apple’s 2-Day Surge to Landmark Valuation Leads Broader Market Rally : Benchmark stock indexes in Asia fell by more than 2 percent after the Trump administration said it would consider increasing proposed tariffs on Chinese goods. The Three Most Likely Recession Starters : The expansion is nine years old. In June, officials said those rates "have moved close to 2 percent." The slight changes reflect improving economic data in recent weeks. The statement acknowledged that acceleration but expressed no concern over it. " PHOTOGRAPH BY AL DRAGO FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)Fretting Over Brexit, Bank of England Raises Interest : Officially, the move was to tamp down inflation. CNN currently rates the race as Lean Republican. But then she ran into Lee and Boyd, equally well-financed businessmen. Add CNN\'s 2018 elections calendarStay up to date on key election dates and other events, such as town halls and debates, as they get added throughout the year. Subscribe on your Google or Apple calendar. " David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment.": Two others -- against the University of Pennsylvania and Northwestern University -- have been dismissed. So is this a rerun of the dotcom story? @', '2018-08-03': 'U.S. and Mexico Near Compromise on Nafta : The United States and Mexico made progress toward a Nafta agreement during two days of talks in Washington this week, but Canada still needs to be brought to the table. In some cases, dead people were charged banking fees. The Faangs are dead  long live the Faangs. Varying outlooks have been met by sharply contrasting market reactions. Share price falls after disappointments from Netflix, Facebook and the smaller Twitter, have left the broader Fang+ index of technology companies down almost 10 per cent from its June high, despite strong results from Apple. @ For the wider market and economy, this is a big deal. Some funds are rueing tech punts they chose or had to take. @ Today’s tech leaders have viable models and real earnings. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( For the first time ever, a Chinese company is. @ Its 50 employees are no longer allowed to leave paperwork lying around. But they face a discomforting realisation: China is well on the way to beating the US at its own game. @', '2018-08-04': 'A Miserably Hot Europe Is Fast Becoming the Norm : Hot weather has touched all of the continent, but it has had the most impact in northern countries, unaccustomed to sustained heat, suggesting that hard years lie ahead. Spain, Portugal swelter as heat wave kills 3 people  - CNN : Spain and Portugal swelter as heat wave kills 3 people  : Madrid (CNN)Spain and Portugal faced another exceptionally hot day Saturday as a heat wave that has killed three people in Spain threatened to raise temperatures to record levels. That record was set in the Greek capital, Athens, in July 1977. The heat wave coincides with peak vacation season in Europe. CNN\'s Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London and Pau Mosquera reported from Madrid. But that does not mean the run will end this year or next or even the year after that. " We haven\'t even gotten to the inversion yet, which would suggest there\'s significant opportunity right now." It\'s a predictor of both recessions and returns in the market." That may produce better trade deals, he said. While they have targeted each others\' products, the interconnected nature of the global economy has meant that other regions, like Europe, have also been caught up in the back-and-forth. Other indicators suggest the recovery is finally extending its reach. In our segment, $50 feeds you and your family." That\'s below the pace of inflation in recent months. But we are getting very modest wage inflation.', '2018-08-05': ': The economic expansion in the United States celebrated its ninth birthday last month. If it survives another year, it will be the longest on record. To be clear, the economy is going gangbusters right now. The United States economy is either at or near full employment, and inflation is already near 2 percent. But what\'s the likelihood that you\'ll thread that needle? It\'s not one you\'d want to be betting the farm on." The former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke put it more colorfully at a conference in June. And then in 2020, Wile E. Coyote is going to go off the cliff." That means a hit to Americans\' wealth and more expensive capital for businesses. PHOTOGRAPHS BY AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES; ALEX WONG/GETTY IMAGES; GUSTAVO GARELLO/ASSOCIATED PRESS)Bankruptcy Booms Among Older Americans as Safety Net Frays : The rate of those 65 and older filing for bankruptcy is three times what it was in 1991, a new study finds, as more enter their later years in a precarious position. Courting People, Not Party: Can a Progressive Prevail in the Heartland? : British Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron speak in southern France on Friday. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far.', '2018-08-06': 'In Response to Rights Criticism, Saudis Expel Canadian Ambassador : With a harsh response to statements from Canada’s Foreign Ministry, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman signals that while he may be a social reformer, he will strike hard at critics at home and abroad. You can see why all this might leave Beijing feeling edgy. In those days, things were made in one country — usually America — and then sold in another — preferably just about everywhere else. China’s real frailty resides not so much in the overall size of its debt load as in its distribution. @ A huge and loosely regulated shadow finance system conceals eruptive risks. It is common that the Venezuelan leader constantly blames Colombia for any type of situation,” the foreign ministry said in a statement. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ Sales have surpassed estimates in nine sectors. Right now, the S. & P. 500 is trading at 16.6 times what analysts expect its companies to make over the next 12 months, according to data from FactSet. I think the people of Australia know there is something wrong with this country. The interview has been removed from repeat timeslots and online platforms. - Giles is the former chief minister for the Northern Territory in central Australia. Lol so Sky News caved already to Lefist abuse.', '2018-08-07': 'Washington has reimposed economic sanctions on Iran, intensifying pressure on the Islamic regime as it faces widespread social unrest. @ The sanctions, which take effect today, prohibit Iran from using US \xadcurrency. They also bar trading in cars and in metals and minerals, including gold, steel, coal and aluminium. Iran will also be barred from buying US and European aircraft.: Stocks finished broadly higher Monday for the third day in a row. The skepticism that we had a quarter ago seems, rightly, to be falling by the wayside," he said. Wholesale gasoline remained at $2.07 a gallon. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. It was ordered to close the offending account and the mobile app was temporarily removed from several online stores.: Russia and China also signed on to the 2015 deal. Mr. Trump argued that was not long enough. Additionally, Russia, Turkey, Iraq and the United States also have forces fighting in Syria\'s seven-year civil war. Those demands were later softened, but the damage was done. Credit: GARDINER HARRIS and JACK EWING; Gardiner Harris reported from Washington, and Jack Ewing from Frankfurt.', '2018-08-08': "Washington state's primary results paint a grim picture for GOP - CNNPolitics : Washington state's primary results paint a grim picture for GOP : (CNN)Results from the Washington state primary on Tuesday are another bad sign for Republicans. In other words, Democrats may actually be in slightly better shape than we think. Washington, like California, uses a top-two primary system. Washington 3rd: President Donald Trump won here by 7 points. That is, the belief is that she has a very good chance of winning reelection. This is the equivalent of thinking that a race is 50/50 or close to it. The average error is in the neighborhood of 6 percentage points. Republicans would probably win some toss-up seats. The United States has lived up to the Singapore declaration. ” Die Welt said the new bill could come into force this year. This material produces more steel for each tonne used and can also reduce emissions. That doesn’t mean they will reduce production . It is absolutely clear that our customers in China are becoming closer to the customer we have in Japan . Earnings announced on Monday justified such caution. @ Countries worldwide are dealing with their own climate catastrophes. Will it be easy to cope with or will it be devastating? The trigger was the global financial crisis. This was higher than in other emerging countries, but", '2018-08-09': 'China could overtake Australia as biggest donor to Pacific nations, if it pays up - CNN : China could overtake Australia as biggest donor to Pacific, if it pays up :  (CNN)China could overtake Australia as the biggest donor to Pacific nations, but only if Beijing follows through on its promises of aid and support that are currently billions of dollars short of being realized. During the same period, the US committed $1.36 billion in aid to the Pacific. I\'m not convinced China will (overtake) Australia. We have a much broader, much deeper degree of engagement than China has." Then it unraveled after Commerce officials realized it had been granted in error. Chicago has struggled with high shooting and murder rates for years, but those numbers had recently decreased. Are Fresh Blows in Gaza About Getting Leverage? : Energy companies sank along with the price of oil. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Left in the fray: Companies, American workers and consumers. The tariffs will go into effect later this month. Nothing\'s as it seems in this complex drama. Let us welcome the United Sanctions of America! # made it seem that Putin had scored a major victory. There might be plenty of room for it to fall further. @ No one should doubt that Putin will not keep to this approach. "" Emma Burrows reported from Moscow and Judith Vonberg wrote in London.', '2018-08-10': 'Trump Hits Turkey Hard, Doubling Metal Tariffs : The president’s decision, announced in a tweet, raised the possibility of further tariff escalations with China and other countries whose currencies are falling against the dollar. JUST WATCHEDRecord levels of microplastic found in Arctic sea iceReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHRecord levels of microplastic found in Arctic sea ice 05:11Some retailers are already one step ahead. Notable signatories include L\'Oréal, the Coca-Cola Company, and Nestlé. " New Zealand has long prided itself on its environmentalism. Tempted to Reap Short-Term Perks From New Tax Laws? But the case also shines an uncomfortable light on the concentration of power in a handful of companies. But if it happens a second time, shame on you. @ The lucky ones settled quickly and learned lessons. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ But the company\'s doubters remain undeterred. That reduced Tuesday\'s losses by $1 billion. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time." That\'s something Mr. Musk would no doubt relish.: Russia has few economic means to retaliate. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: ANDREW E. KRAMER; Sophia Kishkovsky and Lincoln Pigman contributed reporting. On any sensible measure, US banks are far safer now.', '2018-08-11': 'Inside the Struggle at Twitter Over What Warrants a Ban  : The social media company provided a rare look inside a policy meeting as it struggled with criticism that it left up posts from the conspiracy site Infowars and its creator, Alex Jones. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!" That\'s the big question in my industry, when does this end?" Credit: JIM TANKERSLEY, ANA SWANSON and MATT PHILLIPS; Matt Phillips reported from New York. Eileen Sullivan contributed reporting from Washington. Photograph Rolls of steel in Baytown, Tex., at the American manufacturing center for the Turkish company Borusan Mannesmann Pipe. ( He took about 40% of the vote in a crowded field. He most recently lost Senate races in 2006 and 2012 and a congressional special election in 2010. For Chinese officials, the financial is quickly becoming political. But the deadline was postponed to an unspecified date. " They sold stocks and bought United States dollars and government bonds. Energy companies rose slightly as oil prices increased. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The crowds shouted slogans including "Diaspora is with us!"', '2018-08-12': 'Tighter Sanctions Rain on Putin’s Parade : President Vladimir V. Putin has nimbly exploited differences between Washington and its allies, but he has yet to translate that into fewer sanctions against Russia. Tariff Battle Puts W.T.O. In Dicey Spot : The Trump administration has forced the World Trade Organization into the tough spot of having to make a ruling that could cause problems whatever it does.: If only the debate over who deserves most of the credit were as easily judged. The salesmanship seems to have had an impact. He made his name as a celebrity tycoon. " Mr. Obama\'s background was in community organizing and the public sector. " The extended recovery is naturally digging deeper. Republicans -- led by the president and his Twitter feed -- have relentlessly reaffirmed his economic message with superlatives, capital letters and exclamation points. A widening political gap hovers over all these developments. And he revels in being a polarizing figure. This has spilled over into appraisals of the economy. President Barack Obama at an Ohio Steel Plant in 2013. Under President Trump, the department often does the opposite.', '2018-08-13': 'The Large Hidden Costs Of Medicare’s Drug Program : Premiums have risen very little in the years since Medicare Part D was introduced. But the same cannot be said of the burden on taxpayers.: Critics say the company lacks direction, sometimes seeming to prioritize sales of gifts and tchotchkes over books. We have to move back to where the action is," he said. " It seems like you can get more dollars out of people if you just figure out what they want to buy from you." ALEXANDRA ALTER and TIFFANY HSU Follow Alexandra Alter and Tiffany Hsu on Twitter: @xanalter, @tiffkhsu Above, a Barnes & Noble Bookstore in Bethesda, Md., Before It Closed This Year. It awarded him $39m in compensation and $250m in punitive damages. @ Shares fell as much as 9.8 per cent in early trade in Frankfurt, after having fallen 7.8 per cent in pre market trade. Some mismatches are baked in to the BRI’s design. Several other countries have hit similar problems. It was not immediately clear when the tariffs are due to take effect. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!— He faces up to 35 years in prison if convicted. Look at this, they increase tariffs on metal and steel. We are a member of World Trade Organization. We should also expect Turkey to draw even closer to Iran."', '2018-08-14': 'Miller Scolded, by Uncle, for Migrant Stance : The article is a notable rebuke by a family member to Mr. Miller, who is one of the most fervent public defenders of President Trump’s immigration policies. However, it\'s always been important to me to live openly and honestly. What we can do is proved by what we have done so far. The financial regulatory body said violators could face two to five years in prison. Nobody should give credit to speculative news. CNN\'s Sarah El Sirgany, Tim Lister in Moscow and Spencer Feingold in Atlanta contributed to this report. European markets fared only slightly better. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.5 percent. " Do not prefer to rush to banks and buy foreign currency," he said. " A Currency Exchange Office in Istanbul, Turkey, On Monday. The Turkish Central Bank\'s Actions Have Been Limited in Scope. (: He appointed his son-in-law as finance minister. That is certainly how it\'s worked at times in the past. There are echoes of that situation in today\'s Turkey crisis. But the sell-offs were relatively short lived. On Monday evening, Mr. Musk took to Twitter again. He named Silver Lake Partners and Goldman Sachs as financial advisers, and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Munger, Tolles & Olson as legal advisers. Such suits rarely go to trial; more often they are settled.', '2018-08-15': 'Republican Says, I ‘Stood Up’ to Trump : With many Republicans courting the president and others afraid to criticize him, an Ohio congressman has gingerly created a small crack in the wall, risking Trumpian wrath.: That helped the market recover most of its losses from the previous two days. The S&P 500 index climbed 18.03 points, or 0.6 percent, to 2,839.96. The Argentine peso and India\'s rupee hit record lows against the dollar. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has ruled out that step. We can\'t treat all emerging markets the same way." AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. This was my second appeal that was rejected. But beneath the smiles of joy and relief there will be sorrow, anger and a steely determination. We can live together, and we can live in peace, to the advantage of both our nations." He added: "The EU will remain engaged in this strategic partnership. But the Communist Party is vulnerable in its own way. A Woman Packaging Bicycle Rims for Export in Hangzhou in June. That ranks dead last of the 10 factors asked about by CNN.', '2018-08-16': "Trump Dangles A New Threat: Denying Access : The move to revoke John Brennan’s security clearance may be the latest sign that the president is determined to punish anyone connected to the Russia investigation. The figure is not categorized as final at this time and authorities continue to warn that the death toll may rise. The commission will have 30 days to provide the minister with a detailed report on the collapse. ' Shares in Autostrade were down 24% Thursday. CNN's Ian Lee and Dominique van Heerden reported from Genoa. Yet as the lira tanks and President Erdogan rages against a looming disaster that is in good part self-inflicted, his reluctance to do what is required is equally obvious — unless he thinks he might lose his unassailable political hold on Turkey in any economic meltdown. @ That’s plenty of time to get great work done. This is all we expect and all we want from people,” says Jason Fried, co-founder. “ The dream is scale, as fast and as big as possible. In the private sector, companies reap economies of scale. Emerging markets have faced mounting pressure over the past few months.", '2018-08-17': 'Backs Suit Accusing Facebook of Violating the Fair Housing Act : The department suggested Facebook could be held liable if housing providers used the site’s targeting tools to discriminate against prospective renters and buyers in advertising their properties.: The two sides have not talked since early June. It\'s possible they decided \'O.K., we need to take a different approach\' and come to the table offering a little more." Other retailers and consumer goods companies also edged higher. Banks rallied as interest rates increased. Oil prices were steady after a sharp drop a day earlier. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( Target-date funds typically invest more in equities in the early stage of their lifespan to boost returns. But a shortage of spectrum and a possible ban on Huawei, the world’s biggest telecoms equipment maker, are alarming Telstra’s rivals and causing experts to warn of potential market upheaval. @ “ A peaceful political reform movement crushed. Some troops were from Bulgaria, East Germany, Hungary and Poland. Absolutely you can say that that was the catalyst." Recent economic data suggests that it is not a smooth process. About 57 percent answered that the top risk was "trade war." Should a Provocateur Be Barred From Twitter? And Elon Musk dealt with the consequences of having tweeted in the first place.', '2018-08-18': 'Judge Bars Statements Made by Guantánamo Detainees During F.B.I. Interrogations : The decision could be a major setback for the effort to prosecute the five detainees who are accused of aiding the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. I don\'t think that there\'s a lot that\'s going to change on confidence," said Laura Wronski, a research scientist at SurveyMonkey. " Both numbers are based on registered voters who plan to vote this fall.) This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Photograph Voters in Madison, Wis., this week. And some economists say that they could be reaching a breaking point. The question is whether it\'s going to be a soft landing or a hard landing." Government countermeasures so far have been regarded as tepid. The success story is looking increasingly unsustainable. But the landlord demanded the rent in dollars. On Thursday Istanbul was noticeably calmer than late last week. Lenders\' willingness to provide that financing is in serious doubt. PHOTOGRAPHS BY DANIELLE VILLASANA FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES): Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ Betting against Tesla has been expensive. But stocks in emerging markets might make even bigger gains. " China has suffered pretty greatly ... the U.S. has held up pretty well."', '2018-08-19': 'Putin makes flying visit to Austrian foreign minister\'s wedding  - CNN : Putin makes flying visit to Austrian foreign minister\'s wedding :  (CNN)Russian President Vladimir Putin was a guest at the Austrian foreign minister\'s wedding on Saturday, in a move that opposition politicians say undermines the European Union\'s position on Moscow. Putin arrived with a bouquet of flowers and even brought a Cossack choir with him to entertain the bride and her groom, the entrepreneur Wolfgang Meilinger, according to Russian state-run news agency TASS.Invitation \'symbolic and harmful\'Read MoreBut the invitation came under fire from some Austrian opposition politicians, who said it undermined the EU\'s foreign policy on Russia. The EU rolled out a raft of sanctions against Russia in 2014, in response to its occupation, and then annexation, of the Crimea peninsula from Ukraine. Kurz was also photographed at Saturday\'s wedding. Leichtfried added that he and other members of parliament had a list of inquiries for the foreign minister over this "working visit. " Foreign Minister Kneissl is not known to have a particularly close friendship with Putin, reported Reuters. In an earlier version of this story we incorrectly stated Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz\'s political party. On Sunday, the government made the first move. His death in custody has outraged a loyal constituency of President Duterte.', '2018-08-20': 'China’s banking regulator has ordered banks to boost lending to infrastructure projects and exporters as Beijing seeks to counter mounting concerns about the intensifying trade war between the world’s two biggest economies. @ That reflected a fall of Rmb2.7tn in the first six months of the year, to Rmb62.9tn. @ It was perhaps the most sensible tweet of Donald Trump’s presidency so far. Abundant, cheap, clean power can be put to many uses — not just making tea. @ there are no winners in a trade war, only losers”. My position hasn\'t changed from my comments last Thursday.— Treasurer Scott Morrison was less subtle. " They are looking to cause trouble for the government. A further six people were injured, including a child, the spokesman said. Rescue teams work at the gorge Monday in Pollino National Park. The largely rural province covers the "toe" of Italy, and is the southernmost part of the the Italian mainland. CNN\'s Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report.: But many of those tactics may not be sustainable for long, and some could even hurt the company down the road. From a Tesla standpoint, I think it is a good place." It has approached some suppliers about refunding some money Tesla has paid for projects that are still underway. And Tesla has even more drastic cost cutting plans in store. Tesla declined to comment for this story.', '2018-08-21': 'Here to Help; How to Make an Open Office Easier to Bear : Sitting in an open floor plan office or having flexible, unassigned seating at work is a challenge to be sure, but these tips can make your work space a bit more bearable. Energy companies climbed along with the price of crude oil. Is there motivation to get it resolved before November? This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. (: The losses have pretty much left me financially ruined." The virtual currency markets have been through booms and busts before -- and recovered to boom again. She drew on savings, an insurance policy and a $25,000 loan. Her investments are now down about 90 percent. " Get the Bits newsletter delivered to your inbox weekly for the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry. The lira has been caught in the crossfire. We feel it in our kitchens, cafés and on our salaries," said Gunal. " They are at the extremity of their strength. CNN\'s Maegan Vazquez, Tal Kopan and Darya Tarasova contributed to this report. China was among potential adversaries for many years.', '2018-08-22': 'Peter Dutton, the immigration hardliner who could be Australia\'s next PM - CNN : Peter Dutton, the immigration hardliner who could be Australia\'s next PM :  (CNN)Immigration hardliner Peter Dutton is pushing to be Australia\'s 30th Prime Minister, the country\'s sixth in just over 10 years, as a conservative leadership coup against current leader Malcolm Turnbull gains momentum. If Peter Dutton is the answer, what the hell\'s the question?" It\'s hard to believe that it\'s winter "down under." Australia is suffering from a record-breaking drought. Australians can see for themselves what\'s going on at the moment. It also found that link between political leaning and climate change skepticism was typically present in countries with strong fossil fuel industries, including the US, Australia, Canada and Brazil, indicating the power of industry lobbying. " To take the coal and gas and iron ore, and whatever precious metals it can find and export them?" If it arrives, the meeting would be held at midday Friday. Since 2007, no Australian prime minister has faced two consecutive elections. It is possible the benefits could be unconstitutional, leaving him ineligible. Yet Mr Mueller has barely scratched the surface. He has already twice tried to do so before. Is it time to take some money off the table? That could be bad news for the global economy.', '2018-08-23': 'Deadly Market: Giraffe Parts for Sale, And Legally, in U.S. : An investigation showed imports made into pillows, boots and other items have become increasingly popular, at a time when the animal’s global population is dwindling. : Many participants suggested that if incoming data continued to support their current economic outlook, it would likely soon be appropriate to take another step in removing policy accommodation." Mr. Trump has imposed tariffs levied on steel and aluminum from countries including Japan, Mexico and Canada, and additional tariffs on other imported goods from China. " In other areas, Fed officials expressed more division. Since bottoming out on March 9, 2009, it is up more than 320 percent. But that didn\'t last long -- the bull returned in 1957. As dark a moment as it was, the United States economy continued to grow for nearly three more years. Trump Put a Low Cost on Carbon Emissions. How much economic damage will global warming cause? The party has been going for more than a decade. Today the sentiment that\'s out there is actually more to the opposite," he added. " Photograph The New York Stock Exchange floor on Wednesday. LED lightbulbs are far more efficient than their halogen counterparts.', '2018-08-24': ': SHANGHAI -- As China\'s economy slows and the trade war with the United States intensifies, Beijing\'s economic bosses are swinging into action. They have moved to shore up the value of the country\'s currency. When you see the government switch to stimulus, it generally means the government cares about stability." Other indicators suggest a mild softening. Some consumers appear to be holding back. The authorities are also encouraging local projects. The financial markets are getting a boost as well. I think stimulus takes out some of the downside." Credit: KEITH BRADSHER; Ailin Tang contributed research. PHOTOGRAPH BY CHINA NETWORK/REUTERS) (B1); China has seen an increase in defaults on corporate bonds and an uptick in nonperforming loans. ( Italian authorities cited "humanitarian reasons" for allowing the children to go ashore. Part of the reason was the humble soyabean. It has, by all accounts, been an unusual summer. Not just the politics of it, nor the fact that the world order has been lurching from crisis to crisis. When it’s done right, it’s a totally different story.” @ And Facebook, YouTube and others found new influence campaigns originating from Russia and Iran. US and Chinese officials have ended two days of', '2018-08-25': '(CNN)There\'s never been a more exciting time to be Australian. But it wouldn\'t be surprising to find Australians longing for those days when their lives were a bit less exciting. to test patients\' mental capacities, as it was getting too hard to remember. Read MoreSo why can\'t Australia keep a Prime Minister for more than three years? We have people across the country who are suffering and look at what you\'re doing. This government deserves to be turfed out. # Malcolm Turnbull ousted as Australia PM after week of chaosFollowing Rudd\'s removal from the leadership, his supporter and former Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner in disgust proclaimed that democracy in Australia was being "dumbed down. We will all keep turning up to vote no matter how poorly our politicians behave. But the effort has hurt parts of the economy and raised security concerns.: For much of the year, the stock market has been on the ropes. Basically the fundamentals couldn\'t look better." The current rosy profit picture shouldn\'t be surprising. The earnings boom has also reached far beyond tech. There could be more market gains to come. Argentines are both riveted and optimistic. The overwhelming majority of them supported Clinton. " CAUCUS OVERHAULS: Caucuses have also undergone some changes as well. Information about these things should be made available to all Democratic candidates, the language says. He went on to paraphrase another Democratic leader. "', '2018-08-26': '(CNN)There\'s never been a more exciting time to be Australian. But it wouldn\'t be surprising to find Australians longing for those days when their lives were a bit less exciting. to test patients\' mental capacities, as it was getting too hard to remember. Read MoreSo why can\'t Australia keep a Prime Minister for more than three years? We have people across the country who are suffering and look at what you\'re doing. This government deserves to be turfed out. # Malcolm Turnbull ousted as Australia PM after week of chaosFollowing Rudd\'s removal from the leadership, his supporter and former Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner in disgust proclaimed that democracy in Australia was being "dumbed down. We will all keep turning up to vote no matter how poorly our politicians behave. But the effort has hurt parts of the economy and raised security concerns.: For much of the year, the stock market has been on the ropes. Basically the fundamentals couldn\'t look better." The current rosy profit picture shouldn\'t be surprising. The earnings boom has also reached far beyond tech. There could be more market gains to come. Argentines are both riveted and optimistic. The overwhelming majority of them supported Clinton. " CAUCUS OVERHAULS: Caucuses have also undergone some changes as well. Information about these things should be made available to all Democratic candidates, the language says. He went on to paraphrase another Democratic leader. "', '2018-08-27': '17,500 Samples Of DNA Help Dutch Arrest Murder Suspect : A practice known as familial DNA profiling, in which investigators take samples from potential relatives of a suspect, has led to the resolution of two major Dutch cold murder cases. The President’s Endorsement Can Decide an Election. He criticised the project back in 2017 and again during his political campaign, before ousting Najib Razak in elections in May. The country boasts several hundred electric car start-ups. Mr Li has yet to manifest such Muskesque marks of greatness as blasting sports cars into space or lobbing adolescent insults at critics. @ In fairness, Nio has better prospects than most counterparts for at least three reasons. Her death followed the murder of a flight attendant who was killed while using the service in May. @ Chinese consumers have taken online consumption to the greatest level in the world.” By preventing asylum seekers from reaching Australia, Canberra effectively dodges these obligations. " They should be sent somewhere offshore if we\'re able to do it under our international obligations," he added. " They should not be allowed to stay in Australia. It has been over three years without a boat arrival," the website still said Monday. "', '2018-08-28': 'Some Saudi-Led Airstrikes In Yemen May Be War Crimes, UN Experts Say : Coalition forces have imposed severe restrictions on Red Sea ports and Sanaa airport, depriving Yemenis of vital supplies which may also constitute international crimes, the independent experts said.: Nearly nine months later, those warnings have not materialized. All buyers are aware of it, and they\'re factoring it in. But they\'re not changing what they want to do." They\'re giving up hypothetical money that otherwise they would have had." One of them is notably high-priced: New York City. Subscribe on your Google or Apple calendar. The governor\'s race is one of two major statewide contests in Florida in November\'s midterm elections. All three GOP candidates cozied up to the President. She aired an ad featuring Trump calling her the "real deal." The religious right freaked and abandoned her and the immigration people consider her soft." The Nasdaq composite index topped 8,000 for the first time. Utilities and other high-dividend companies fell. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Chinese property developers are being held in check. These developments are rising from the ashes of former Sears department stores. Sears shares are trading at just over $1.', '2018-08-29': 'Tariffs on Paper Imports Are Overturned by Panel : The decision by the United States International Trade Commission is a win for small- and medium-size newspapers, which have struggled to absorb higher newsprint costs. Didi Chuxing, China’s ride-hailing giant, has said it will start measuring success in terms of safety rather than scale and growth, after the second murder of a female passenger in four months sparked backlash from government authorities and users. @ There is an enormous amount of self-doubt, guilt and soul-searching. During the same period last year profits surged by 33.6 per cent. @ They are controlling what we can & cannot see. This is a very serious situation — will be addressed!” Canada will either join in or be punished with tariffs. It is not by any means a comprehensive updating of Nafta. On this basis, it should decline to give it. @ In our country there is a special attitude to women, a caring one. We understand that they not only work at their main place of work, they usually run the whole house, caring for the family, raising children and fussing over their grandchildren." Want more Canadian coverage in your inbox? Subscribe to our weekly Canada Letter newsletter.] Tomorrow\'s Tweet can undo anything you just signed."', '2018-08-30': 'Trump Administration Denies Passports To Americans Living On Border: Report : Hundreds and possibly thousands of Hispanic Americans along the Texas and Mexico border have been affected. Last year it became the first exchange to begin selling bad debt directly to overseas buyers. @ Sweden elections: Twitter bots have doubled ahead of vote - CNN : Sweden: Twitter bots have doubled ahead of elections :  (CNN)Twitter bots supporting the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats have almost doubled in the past month ahead of the Swedish election, according to a government agency. Much of the conversation is about supporting certain parties, criticism of immigration and refugees, critique of the elites and of the media. The agency did not say who might be behind the bots. " CNN has reached out to Twitter for comment and will update the article accordingly. He is still a consulting professor at Carnegie Mellon University. @ In 2011, Pittsburgh had little to recommend it as a centre for tech. It first boomed as a steelmaking hub at the heart of the rust belt but, after the collapse of the steel industry in the 1980s, its population dropped by almost a third. Tehran is understandably furious with the US president for withdrawing from the 2015 nuclear deal despite any evidence of Iranian cheating. But threats and escalation will not serve Iran well. Perhaps Mr Trump simply wants to be unpredictable. The turmoil led to a sell-off in other emerging-market currencies.', '2018-08-31': "Bank Of America Faces Backlash After Freezing Accounts Over Citizenship Questions : The bank says it asks account holders about citizenship in order to comply with the government's country-specific sanctions. Automation has replaced the jobs of up to 40 per cent of workers in some Chinese industrial companies over the past three years, highlighting the effects of Beijing’s push to upgrade its technological base and become a world superpower in artificial intelligence. @ The drastic action by the central bank came after the currency resumed its slide in morning trading, but appeared to do little to reassure investors. As of last week, the US had already imposed $50bn in tariffs on Chinese imports. @ Mr Trump said in a White House statement he tweeted out on Wednesday evening. The biggest is that between the world’s second- and third-largest economies — China and Japan. The rapprochement is to be welcomed — but is bound to have limits. @ The incident prompted one of the most serious postwar rifts between Beijing and Tokyo. It would be China’s largest ever private equity deal. A small change in tax policy could solve this problem, an economist says. Asking for a Raise Even When the Boss Won’t Hear of It : Management keeps giving you great performance reviews — and the runaround when it comes to salary discussions. Its ugly collapse sends a message: “There isn’t a sense of urgency or priority. ”", '2018-09-01': '‘We Are Here to Help’: A Policing Experiment Pays Off : A policing strategy that aims to win citizens’ trust and improve their quality of life has reduced violence in Morelia, Mexico — but it may not last. A fire burns at the site of the refinery in Vohburg early Saturday. Three of the injured were taken to the hospital with moderate to severe injuries, police said. Residents have been instructed to keep windows and doors closed. Stocks hardly budged on Friday as the United States and Canada were unable to complete a trade deal, but the two sides intend to continue negotiating next week. Shares of technology companies and retailers made some modest gains. Trading was very light ahead of the Labor Day holiday. It said the brand would be available later this year. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.86 percent. In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 recouped earlier losses to finish virtually unchanged. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday (Source: Reuters)‘We Are Here to Help’: A Policing Experiment Pays Off : A policing strategy that aims to win citizens’ trust and improve their quality of life has reduced violence in Morelia, Mexico — but it may not last.', '2018-09-02': 'Saudi-led Coalition Admits \'Mistakes\' In Yemen Airstrike That Killed 40 Children : The United Nations has warned that such attacks "may amount to war crimes.": You won\'t lose much money if you\'re prepared for the worst. It appears that the bond market may already have begun to do so. There are many potential calamities to choose from. Any one of them could lead to an economic disaster. I leave that to the political scientists." I just have no way of capturing that," he said. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jeff Sommer on Twitter: @jeffsommer Illustration DRAWING (DRAWING BY MINH UONG/THE NEW YORK TIMES)Syrian Army Is Massing to Finish Off Rebels. But it is too soon to declare victory, experts said. Pentagon Cancels Millions Of Aid To Pakistan Over Record On Militant Groups : The decision comes ahead of an expected visit to the country by U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. Brexit is due to take place on March 29, 2019, followed by a 21-month transition period when the divorce comes into effect. This representation in the European Parliament is already in play. The question is will they be able to coordinate afterwards. He will bring tools that were in use in the States. A profound problem is that this is the fragmented European landscape. "', '2018-09-03': ': RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- A Saudi-led coalition in Yemen acknowledged Saturday that an air attack last month that killed dozens of people, including children traveling on a bus, was unjustified, and it pledged to hold accountable anyone who contributed to the error. The alliance accused the Houthis of using children as human shields. The protesters blocked major roads and burned tires. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Green Cabs Should Have Thrived in Remote Areas. The company makes the thermostatic controls that switch off kettles when they boil. Disruption may be worse than during the first steam-powered industrial revolution, he told the BBC. @ This gave the political left an opportunity to win support for its agenda. This semantic difference matters politically. The either/or view may have made sense during the cold war. The Nordic experience shows the opposite is true. It is not just the UK that has experienced soaring temperatures this summer. News of mass Floridian mortgage defaults clouded 2006. The US entered a technical recession in 2007. Unemployment reached double-digits as late as 2009. @ The arbitrariness of the decennial can be excused. I am not just asking for change, I am demanding it. "', '2018-09-04': "China’s drive to develop a well-functioning rental housing market as an antidote to sky-high property prices is foundering, as rental agencies resort to debt-fuelled expansion amid weak profitability. @ The tenant’s monthly “rent” payments were, in fact, loan repayments. @ “ Danke did not answer a request for comment. @ “ @ Right now everyone is rushing to scale up by gobbling up housing resources. Large state banks acting together are typically viewed as doing so on behalf of the central bank. Eight superstar scientists from Cambridge have agreed to co-found a partnership investing in technologies ranging from artificial intelligence and space to brain research and genetics. @ A lack of bilingual workers also was an issue. I will tell you, I'm sorry it didn't work out but this is life and this is OK. In fact, she said, the two would vote the same way. Zakim also picked up the Massachusetts Democratic Party's official endorsement. CNN's Connor Spielmaker contributed to this report. That New Destination for Shopping and Dining? Amazon Is Now Second to Cross $1 Trillion Line : Apple became the first public company to be worth $1 trillion.", '2018-09-05': 'Republicans Accuse Twitter of Exhibiting Bias : Republicans and Democrats sparred over censorship on social media, as the Justice Department said it would examine whether the services were purposely “stifling the free exchange of ideas. ” Xi Jinping’s pledge of $60bn in new loans to Africa has triggered a wave of grumbling in China, the latest sign of popular hostility to the president’s international ambitions and to the tightening of political controls at home. @ Like many combatants on the eve of an epic contest, Mr Trump and Mr Xi are both confident they will prevail. Right now, their economy looks terrible.” @ One consequence of this drive has been slower economic growth. Their response so far has been moderate. @ The Republicans may well lose the House of Representatives and perhaps the Senate as well. The most fascinating Russian story today is not about Presidents Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ But there has been unease among many investors. How far could stocks fall if the trade conflict intensifies? Underlying stock market numbers give some guidance. Two smaller competitors have already filed to list in Hong Kong.', '2018-09-06': 'Officer Facing Murder Trial Gets Rebuke From a Judge : With the intensely watched trial approaching, Chicago Officer Jason Van Dyke gave media interviews, a breach of limits set by the court, a judge found. We can\'t wait a little bit longer for health care that we can actually afford to use. They think that Delaware is New York City. And I think they\'re mistaken on all three counts. " But they only seem to be extreme for those who are multimillionaires living in Congress. He said he knew someone who went to Yale with him and said he was a good guy. Newly released cellphone data added fuel to that fire. This morally hazardous framework encourages excessive risk-taking. @ The energy produced is enough to power 590,000 homes. " What an exciting day," Orsted wrote on Twitter Thursday. " That kind of damage takes a bit of time to heal itself." The dollar rose to 111.51 yen from 111.48 yen. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. (', '2018-09-07': 'Roboadvisers Get By With Help  From Their (Human) Friends : Betterment, among the largest so-called roboadvisers, is one of the latest online services to reduce even further the cost of advice from a mix of algorithms and warm-blooded professionals. On most measures, humanity is converging towards longer, healthier, safer and more prosperous lives. @ In Japan, the sector has survived the Fukushima disaster and much public hostility, and the slow programme of bringing back on stream the stations closed in 2011 continues. Ordinary people think the accessibility to healthcare is really bad," said Henrik Oscarsson, professor of political science and electoral studies at the University of Gothenburg in Sweden. " Only Hungary took in more migrants per capita). But if you do not want to adjust, you can live elsewhere." The yen had been as much as 0.9 per cent firmer against the dollar. They say we welcome you — using their mouth only.” @ When Coke admits to a problem with consumerism, there is something wrong. Towering Over the Others, but at What Cost? : But its exceptional performance may come with serious consequences. The assignments are fine, the colleagues great, the benefits terrific. But you’re not doing anything impressive, and you know it.', '2018-09-08': ': For a moment, it looked as if Elon Musk and Tesla had put a summer of turbulence behind them. But while the decline was sharp, it was not sudden. As a result, this caused me to reconsider my future." It gives the implication that the executive was uncomfortable with the situation or with putting his name on something." His web appearance late Thursday was the latest evidence. Video: A video of Elon Musk\'s appearance on "The Joe Rogan Experience." Yeah, I think I tried one once," he replied, laughing. You just sit there like a stone on weed." Shareholder lawsuits are also cropping up. A company spokesman, Dave Arnold, had no comment. There has been periodic talk of installing a No. I\'d rather be optimistic and wrong than pessimistic and right." Credit: NEAL E. BOUDETTE; Ceylan Yeginsu contributed reporting. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index bounced between modest gains and losses in an up-and-down day, but its most decisive move was downward after Mr. Trump said he was ready to impose tariffs on essentially everything imported from China. If tariffs broaden, we could see business activity impaired much more significantly." At the same time, employers are doing more to develop their work forces. I still think there\'s slack in the work force." Police separate demonstrators in  Stockholm in November 2016 after a protest against migrants. When he started school, there were no immigrants in this town. Ali Kader is the owner of Solvesborg\'s pizzeria.', '2018-09-09': 'Drone Missions Curbed by Obama Expand in Africa : The Obama administration had handed off much of the C.I.A.’s deadly drone program to the military. With just around 100 districts left to count, those numbers could change only marginally. Anti-migrant parties in Germany, Austria, Denmark, France, Hungary and Italy have all made gains in recent years. We paid the price for being in government. We suffered from the refugee crisis in 2015. View this post on Instagram           Tuva Sundh just voted. But I\'m not sure about the way of the Sweden Democrats." She continued, "I think it\'s healthy to have debate. A post shared by @ atikacnn on Sep 9, 2018 at 3:10am PDT Voter Tuva Sundh said she was concerned about integration. " CNN\'s Atika Shubert and journalist Linnéa Wannefors reported from Stockholm. He resigned from May\'s Cabinet in protest at May\'s plans for a post-Brexit trading arrangement with the other 27 members of the bloc, known as the "Chequers" deal, because he believes it would mean the UK abiding by EU laws with no role in the decision-making process. If it isn\'t now, I will make sure it is later. # I\'ve said it before and I\'ll say it again.', '2018-09-10': 'Sweden Is What Happens When Liberals Let The Far-Right Set The Agenda : The country\'s left-wing Social Democrats just saw their worst election result in generations. Voters mark their choices at a polling station in Stockholm on Sunday. " We have two weeks left until parliament opens. " It might not be what Sweden really needs. Immigration became highly politicized following a steady increase in new arrivals. We paid the price for being in government. CNN\'s Atika Shubert and journalist Linnéa Wannefors reported from Stockholm. That move for consumer pork prices stands in marked contrast to figures on wholesale prices released by China’s Ministry of Commerce, which showed a rise of 5.2 per cent for the period. Jack Ewing ______ AUTOs An Investor lawsuit against Volkswagen opens. That gap may finally have closed last year. -- Michael Corkery This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSH EDELSON/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES): WASHINGTON -- The economy is doing quite well, thank you very much, and the president would naturally like to take credit. At stake are more than ordinary political bragging rights. But the last time it was that high was in 2014 -- when Mr. Obama was in charge. The stock markets have reached record highs as well. Reasonable economists can and do disagree about how much impact the tax plan has had." Follow Peter Baker on Twitter: @peterbakernyt.', '2018-09-11': 'Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing made a net loss of more than Rmb4bn ($580m) in the first half of the year, and is still paying billions of dollars annually in subsidies two years after winning an expensive battle with Uber. @ China wins contracts, markets and access to raw commodities. There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! When people do that, they stop spending." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. To save money, "we try to cook every meal at home," he said, adding, "I think most middle-income people feel the pressure from rising costs." Both can set the stage for surging prices, and at times they have surged indeed. Inflation contributed to the 1989 protests in Tiananmen Square. But it represented a gradual acceleration from recent months. Credit: KEITH BRADSHER; Ailin Tang contributed research from Shanghai, and Elsie Chen and Karoline Kan from Beijing. All five are men; all but Thomas is white. All are Christian and are or were raised Catholic. " Proposed Rules Would Reduce Rape Investigations, Education Dept.', '2018-09-12': 'Name-Dropping: Trump Organization Concessions Are Ailing : “Why would you give your money to him?” ELKHART, Ind. -- The tables were filled at the Chubby Trout restaurant and the local craft beer flowed. Make sense of the people, issues and ideas shaping the 2018 elections with our new politics newsletter.] Depending on how things evolve in six months, it could be a red light, getting to the end of the expansion." We export a lot of product and import a lot of product. Its economy has been remarkably adaptive. Nobody\'s in a panic; they are just concerned." In the long term that remains to be seen. Folks like people in Elkhart are going to suffer." PHOTOGRAPHS BY WHITTEN SABBATINI FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B4)7. But the powerful industry is also making record profits and is still dominated by huge firms. Many people would currently name Britain. By then, meanwhile, the US could easily have become ungovernable. @ Instead, they were met with Chinese retaliation. The Video game companies Activision Blizzard and Take-Two Interactive also jumped. The dollar rose to 111.59 yen from 111.18 yen. Refusing to stand disrespects our country and our veterans.', '2018-09-13': 'US plans to pay $20 million to help Mexico deport immigrants - CNNPolitics : US plans to pay $20 million to help Mexico deport migrants :  (CNN)The US government wants to pay millions of dollars to help Mexico deport thousands of migrants who have entered the country hoping to reach the United States. That hasn\'t been put on the table in any way," she said. CNN\'s Tal Kopan, Jennifer Hansler, Natalie Gallon and Fidel Gutierrez contributed to this report. But for Palestinians, nothing has turned out as they expected. The index fell 4.1 per cent yesterday and has dropped 11 per cent this week. The change takes effect at the beginning of 2019. @ “ China’s National Social Security Fund is testing a similar programme. Who are you and what have you done to my friend Britain? New McKinsey research  explores how nearly one in four emerging economies has achieved rapid and consistent growth over long periods. They also withstood the 2008 crash reasonably well. Some countries still manipulate their currency today. That canceled out gains for energy companies. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2018-09-14': 'Brent crude has surpassed the $80 a barrel mark, close to this year’s highs, with traders weighing impending sanctions on Iran’s energy sector, lower forecasts for shale production and a big hurricane approaching the US east coast. @ “ Kylie Jenner, the youngest of the Kardashian-Jenner clan, launched her eponymous beauty brand in 2015 with a range of lip kits. Drugmakers and health insurers also rose. At least, that is what the European Central Bank expects. He added that the reduced forecasts were "mainly due to a somewhat weaker contribution from foreign demand." Any potential escalation could yet worsen them. " AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Ewing and Amie Tsang on Twitter: @JackEwingNYT and @amietsang. Photograph The European Central Bank\'s headquarters in Frankfurt. Trump endorsements helped shape Republican races. Here’s what to know about the next 53 days. China, he added, was feeling all the heat to stop the trade war. @ “ Our markets are surging, theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs & making products at home. Rising nationalist populism and protectionism not only risk undermining progress on financial crisis prevention.', '2018-09-15': 'Paul Manafort\'s Plea Deal Could Be Bad News For A Bunch Of Washington Operatives : Trump\'s former campaign chair had a lot of help with his Ukraine lobbying work — and he has agreed to testify anywhere. Mr. Manafort agreed to give up three Manhattan apartments, including one in Trump Tower, a brownstone townhouse in Brooklyn and a 10-bedroom home in the Hamptons. Stocks were lackluster on Friday as the market wrapped up a solid week. The Federal Reserve said production of cars and energy jumped in August. It\'s a reflection of stronger economic growth," said Kate Warne, an investment strategist for Edward Jones. " It continues to bode well for strength going into the fall and later in the year." Ms. Warne said she expects the American economy to grow about 3 percent this year, which is what most experts are forecasting. That helped bank stocks, but it hurt high-dividend stocks. The index rose all five days this week after a four-day losing streak last week. The Nasdaq composite slipped 3.67 points to 8,010.04. That makes them less vulnerable to flare-ups in trade tensions. The DAX in Germany added 0.6 percent and in France, the CAC-40 rose 0.5 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (', '2018-09-16': 'Myanmar’s Assault on a Truthful Press : When Myanmar’s government defends the harsh sentence given to two courageous reporters who exposed mass murder, it breaks a fundamental promise of democracy: the rule of law based on facts. Nic Robertson, international diplomatic editor, London  President Trump is an accelerant in the changing world order. Liberal Democracies are under pressure from their own electorates. Trump is making change happen faster, and that in itself is dangerous. The theoretical bedrock of globalization crumbled. And there can be no question of the profound impact that his presidency has had so far. The US still honors its defense treaty commitments in Asia. To prove fundamental change, you need fundamental proof. Musk’s Chicago Tunnel: Breakthrough or Pipe Dream? : Storm Florence Weakens But \'Epic\' Rains Still Threaten East Coast : Florence was downgraded to a Tropical Depression early Sunday but officials warned the storm remained potentially "catastrophic. " Let\'s just hope it\'s a sunny day on Election Day." Every conversation starts and ends with Trump." PHOTOGRAPHS BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES; ASTRID RIECKEN/GETTY IMAGES; ACQUELYN MARTIN/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A18)Myanmar’s Assault on a Truthful Press : When Myanmar’s government defends the harsh sentence given to two courageous reporters who exposed mass murder, it breaks a fundamental promise of democracy: the rule of law based on facts.', '2018-09-17': 'Clinton Essay: ‘Democracy Is in Crisis’ : In a blistering critique published by The Atlantic, Mrs. Clinton accused President Trump of ignoring the law, dividing the country and serving himself above all. Think of it: from the ages of three or four, the answer to any question that has entered their heads has been available instantly. @ Who needs the hard cognitive work that comes with committing facts to memory? @ About three-fifths of that was due to e-bikes. The lead in the batteries is easily recycled. The advice already appears to be having an effect. Investors are jumping on the bandwagon — though in its current form, the market may never be big enough to justify the nosebleed valuations for bot start-ups such as UiPath, which recently joined the ranks of highly valued private companies known as unicorns. @ Software robots replicate the routine work humans often do in front of computer screens. The case highlights worryingly blurred boundaries between business and academic research. @ Protecting intellectual property was paramount. We are and continue to be the most generous nation in the world." But Monday\'s announcement isn\'t a surprise. And the US isn\'t even going to admit that many. CNN\'s Catherine Shoichet, Tal Kopan, Michelle Kosinski and Jennifer Hansler contributed reporting', '2018-09-18': 'Gridlock Alert Days Expand, Surprising No One in Midtown : In the latest sign of worsening traffic, the city expands its congestion warning system beyond the holiday season to get more drivers off the roads. The next wave of tariffs, which are scheduled to go into effect on Sept. 24, will start at 10 percent before climbing to 25 percent on Jan. 1. China\'s economy is slowing, with consumers holding back and infrastructure spending slowing sharply. Among the items dropped are smart watches, Bluetooth devices, bike helmets, plastic gloves, high chairs, play pens and certain chemicals. This is enough to cross a political cycle," he said. He said the moment had been captured on a social media video. Atika Shubert reported from Berlin and Judith Vonberg wrote in London.: Safe-play sectors like real estate and utilities rose. Several big department store chains declined. Japanese markets were closed for a national holiday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Such wartime scenarios have become unthinkable. If I want to send the most compelling message, I have been persuaded that the triad and its framework is the right way to go. Whether the company survives in its present form or not is irrelevant. At the time it was the largest such overseas deal. Here I\xa0share\xa0a small selection of our readers\' responses. @ ‘ It\xa0Economy Has Independents Optimistic, but Will That Help Republicans? :', '2018-09-19': 'Attacks Fell, U.S. Says, But Threats Persevere : Terrorist attacks and deaths declined in 2017 after a concerted push against the Islamic State, but Al Qaeda and militant groups linked to Iran remain deadly. The Constitution is now officially changed and the 8th is repealed. This is a very important day and I know so many people worked so hard to get to this day," Harris said in a video posted to Twitter. " He later backtracked, saying he had been misunderstood. Either the man is fit to hold high office or he isn\'t. Trump\'s most trusted national security adviser? - I think he is acting as the senior adviser on national security matters." Committee meetings come afterward to implement his decisions. " As Tycoons Rescue Media, Risks Remain : With many publications struggling, the largess of a wealthy owner can be welcome. That values the company at about $12bn, one of the bankers said. Mutual incomprehension could extend the dispute. China has not really twigged it is only one of two targets. The market habitually underprices political risk. CNNPolitics : Trump touts North Korea gesture. In contrast, lawmakers and experts urged caution. And analysts say the ball is now in Washington\'s court. CNN\'s Joshua Berlinger, Jenna McLaughlin and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report. Chinese and foreign companies can compete on a', '2018-09-20': "As Beijing Flexes Muscles, Waves of Risk Churn South China Sea : A U.S. military flight over the South China Sea brings harsh Chinese challenges in officially international space. Since the peak in late January, Chinese asset prices have strongly underperformed their global counterparts. The same is likely to be true once again in 2018/19. @ Looking ahead, there is a wide spectrum of conceivable outcomes. But the US government thought differently. ” All guests were deplaned safely and taken to the terminal. An official with the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) told CNN affiliate CNN News 18 that the crew allegedly forgot to press a button to pressurize the cabin. When your flight to Jaipur was more like your flight to hell! # By Thursday, there wasn't much left but bitterness and rancor. They left the next day so they didn't have to manage it.: The Nasdaq composite lost 6.07 points, or 0.1 percent, to 7,950.04. Trading was listless through much of Wednesday. Homebuilders declined, giving up early gains. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The letter was seen by the lawmaker who spoke to CNN. CNN's Schams Elwazer and Judith Vonberg contributed to this report.", '2018-09-21': 'Why Trade Disputes Are More Than a Money Problem : The Trump administration’s approach could unravel a world order that relies on the benefit of trade — and the pain of sanctions — to maintain peace. UK Prime Minister Theresa May, France\'s Emmanuel Macron, left, and other leaders at the summit. He didn\'t explain how in any detail or make any counterproposal. Tusk drew attention Thursday for an Instagram post in which he appeared to troll May. View this post on Instagram           A piece of cake, perhaps? # But he also demanded that she abandon her Chequers plan. Energy companies declined along with crude oil prices. That is the lowest level since November 1969. In other currency trading, the euro strengthened to $1.1776 from $1.1673. The tariffs will rise to 25 percent on Jan 1. Source: Reuters); Jobless Claims: Weekly Number of People Who Have Filed for Unemployment Benefits for the First Time. (: It sends a message that the system in Liberia is not working." He held the same post during his mother\'s tenure. He describes Liberia\'s institutions as "makeshift." " Until now China’s rise has been on its own terms. It is axiomatic among much western commentary that China always thinks three moves ahead. Just when you thought one idiosyncratic story was temporarily under control, another one popped up. While the collection of country fragilities has not helped, however, we do not believe they have been the cause of EM’s weakness this year.', '2018-09-22': ': U.S. Bank, one of the country\'s biggest banks, has again begun offering customers small, high-cost loans, saying the loans now have safeguards to help keep borrowers from getting in over their heads. But the fees equate to an annual interest rate of about 70 percent. Banks abandoned the loans after regulators clamped down on them in 2013. This year, however, a major financial regulatory agency, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, opened the door for banks to offer small loans. That way, the customer won\'t incur overdraft or insufficient-funds fees. Reaction to the new loans has been mixed. When the loan program was announced, he tweeted that it was a "game changer." It\'s a great first step," Mr. Bourke said. According to Pew\'s research, 12 million people a year take payday loans. Are any other big banks offering similar loans? What alternatives to small, high-cost loans exist? That’s nearly 61 percent more than Fox initially bid for Sky in 2016.Talk of 25th Amendment Underscores a Volatile Presidency : The deputy attorney general’s reported discussion last year of a mechanism to remove the president showed just how fractured the team around President Trump is. Accuser Reaches Deal With Senate to Give Account : The decision by the woman, Christine Blasey Ford, came after days of uncertainty over whether she would appear at a hearing and answer questions about her accusations of sexual assault.', '2018-09-23': "‘America First’ Has Won : The three pillars of the ideology — isolationism, protectionism and restricting immigration — were gaining popularity before Donald Trump became president and may outlast his tenure. FBI Group Rips Character 'Attacks' After Trump Slams Agency 'Stench' : Demeaning comments will not deter agents from continuing to protect the American people, the group said. Trump Administration Seeks To Curtail Green Cards For Immigrants On Public Aid : The announcement could help galvanize voters who have backed or opposed Trump’s crackdown on legal and illegal immigration. Petition Scandal Imperils Virginia Congressman, Adding to G.O.P. Woes : Representative Scott Taylor, whose campaign has been rocked by a petition scandal, joins a handful of other Republicans facing accusations of misconduct and unexpectedly close races. U.N. Saw Fiery Trump in 2017; Now Aides Fear He’ll Play Nice : The president’s advisers worry that he will be overly enthusiastic about engagement with adversaries, given his conviction that he can outmaneuver any leader or strike any deal. Despite U.S. Pressure, OPEC Leaders Say They’re Unlikely to Increase Oil Output : President Trump has been pressuring the oil producers to pump more and hold down prices. But the Saudis and their allies say customers have adequate supplies.", '2018-09-24': 'John Oliver Flushes Facebook Down The Toilet With A New Fake Ad : The "Last Week Tonight" host calls the social network "a fetid swamp of mistruths and outright lies. " I very much regret that that could happen," she said. Maassen is accused of questioning the validity of a video showing far-right protesters apparently chasing migrants without any evidence to support his claim, and therefore legitimizing attempts by far-right groups to downplay the violence in the eastern city of Chemnitz last month. He later backtracked, saying he had been misunderstood. Calls for Maassen to go had been the loudest within her party. The Iraqi man has since been released from custody, Chemnitz prosecutor said last week. There’s a Kind of Spirit of Royalism in Him’: France Turns on Macron : President Emmanuel Macron’s fall may hold broader dangers at a time when he has set himself up as the opponent to the forces of nativism tearing at the European Union. Bag Fee Creep, and How to Fight It : Delta and American Airlines are among the carriers that are charging more for checked bags. But a few tricks can help travelers avoid those fees altogether. His Republican opponent, Bob Hugin, built his career in the pharmaceutical industry.', '2018-09-25': 'Alabama Revisits a Biblical Battle, Hoping to Find Support From Kavanaugh : The state’s voters this fall will decide on a constitutional amendment that would allow the commandments to be displayed in schools and other public property. And the Chinese yuan — the most likely alternative (sorry, Mr Juncker) — has lost much of its momentum as a reserve currency. @ The pound and the yen barely show up in the data. Some national investment strategies seem a no-brainer from the outset. That, however, does not appear to be deterring the Chinese. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 181.45 points, or 0.7 percent, to 26,562.05. Investors in the United States were occupied with other news. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. But focusing only on local metrics misses the point. The speaker\'s eventual choice for prime minister must be put to a vote. I am prime minister in a transitional government. " The Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, is known to be a lifelong Euroskeptic. A vague or blind Brexit is a leap to nowhere, and we will have no part in it. "', '2018-09-26': 'One of the toughest challenges of public policymaking in an age of populism is that the opinions of the public are frequently based on false beliefs. The result is both suboptimal and expensive. @ Vladimir Putin is not invincible  - CNN : Vladimir Putin is not invincible  : Moscow (CNN)Russian President Vladimir Putin may stride confidently on the world stage. Putin may still get his way on pension reforms. That was up from 27 percent in 2000, federal data show. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. In the past, government borrowing expanded during recessions and waned in recoveries. Interest costs already dwarf spending on many popular programs. There\'s no guarantee that these forecasts will prove accurate. It\'s not so much a question of the wolf at the door, but termites in the woodwork." The S&P 500 index fell for the third day in a row. ConocoPhillips rose 1.4 percent to $78.11 and Philips 66 added 1.3 percent to $114.88. Inspire Brands is controlled by the private equity firm Roark Capital. Markets in Hong Kong and Seoul were closed for holidays. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. We want them to stop raising prices, we want them to start lowering prices, and they must contribute substantially to military protection. ”', '2018-09-27': 'When world leaders gather in New York for the United Nations General Assembly next week, the contrast between the rhetoric of co-operation and the reality of division will be stark. @ Large multinational corporation signs agreement to invest billions of dollars in China petrochemical plant.” Starbucks had an 80 per cent share of China’s $3.4bn coffee shop market last year, according to Euromonitor. For private enterprises, at present we only recover loans rather than offer loans.” The efficiency of SOEs is usually lower than private enterprises’. That was the slowest pace since March and marked the fourth straight month of slowing growth. @ We could do other things with the money," he said. Another increase is expected in December. The Fed described economic conditions as "strong." He said monetary policy remained accommodative at the moment. Mr. Trump and Congress ignored that advice, cutting taxes and increasing spending. We expect the Fed to call time on rate hikes and ultimately begin cutting rates by early 2020." As rates climb, the economic effects are likely to increase. Did that mean the Fed would shade toward being less aggressive or more? Gold dropped $6.00 to $1,194.00 an ounce. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. (', '2018-09-28': 'Shares in China Renaissance, a specialist investment bank backed by an Alibaba affiliate, plunged a fifth during its trading debut, following lacklustre Chinese tech-focused and “new economy” flotations. @ The country’s ratio of household debt to gross domestic product hit an all-time high of 49.1 per cent in 2017, marking an increase of nearly 20 per percentage points over the past five years, German insurer Allianz said in its latest global wealth\xa0report. @ “ Having raised rates, the Fed was right to be relatively cautious about predicting more increases in the future. It predicted one more rate increase this year, three next year, one in 2020 and none thereafter. The governing Conservative Party is bitterly divided on exactly what Brexit should look like. Her plan led to two high-profile resignations. Then, her Foreign Secretary, Boris Johnson. Second vote?This is where the Labour Party comes in. From the madness described above, goodness knows. Other market favorites including Facebook and Google parent Alphabet also rose. That would value Amazon at about $1.2 trillion. I have always taken action in the best interests of truth, transparency and investors. Tesla itself was not named as a defendant. Neither celebrity status nor reputation as a technological innovator provide exemptions from the securities laws." Credit: MATTHEW GOLDSTEIN and EMILY FLITTER; Neal E. Boudette and David Gelles contributed reporting. Photograph by Brian Snyder/Reuters) (A20)', '2018-09-29': 'French lawmakers passed a measure two years ago they said would make life safer for prostitutes. Some say it has put them in a lot more danger. The dispute has been a stumbling block in relations since Macedonian independence from Yugoslavia nearly three decades ago. Both online propaganda but also channeling a few hundred thousand euros or even a few million euros to various ultra-nationalist groups in the region really doesn\'t cost that much, doesn\'t have any negative repercussions for Moscow. It is time now to step back, because it\'s starting to have a counter-productive effect.: American stocks ended back where they started Friday as the stock market wrapped up its best quarter in almost five years. One reason is that investors are worried about other regions, especially emerging markets. The pessimism around those regions is probably too much," she said. That capped a brutal three months for social media companies. In the event, Mr Powell was non-committal. Something rather unexpected is occurring on this front. So at his press conference a day later, the US president used a new tactic: modesty. Bytedance is seeking $3bn in new money. @', '2018-09-30': 'Trump Prepares Major Weakening of Mercury Rules : The proposal is designed to provide legal justification for weakening not only the rules on mercury emissions from coal-burning power plants, but also other pollution controls as well. They also own nearby brownstones or vacant lots. In India, its biggest problem is WhatsApp. Aayushmaan Thakur contributed to this report. DENVER -- By nearly any measure, this city is booming. The unemployment rate is below 3 percent. As the market continues to move up, buyers are being pushed out." An elementary schoolteacher in the Denver Public Schools, Ms. Sandoval earns about $50,000 a year, enough to afford a condominium or a modest house in most markets. Some of the challenges are specific to Colorado. But other issues are common to many cities. The state also offered $27 million in incentives. " I\'ve now done everything that in the beginning I said I was not going to do," she said. BEN CASSELMAN Follow Ben Casselman on Twitter: @bencasselman.: In 2015 and 2016, the United States experienced the second type of event. That in turn made China\'s problems worse. It wasn\'t one problem, but an intersection of a bunch of them. But more important than any words was what followed in the following weeks. Oil prices bottomed out and began a recovery.', '2018-10-01': 'New Jersey Senate: Incumbent Democrat Menendez appears vulnerable in new poll - CNNPolitics : New Jersey Senate: Incumbent Democrat Menendez appears vulnerable in new poll : Washington (CNN)Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez is in a surprising dead heat with his Republican challenger in New Jersey\'s Senate race, a new poll finds. The poll is the most recent to show a tight race in New Jersey. Hugin touted the poll as validation on Monday. Over all, the bank\'s strategy, which Mr. Solomon helped devise a year ago as co-president, is not expected to change radically. American employers have added jobs for 95 consecutive months. September almost certainly was the 96th, extending what was already the longest streak on record to a full eight years. Before that, the unemployment rate hadn\'t been that low since 2000.) Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES David M. Solomon, Right, Takes Over From Lloyd C. Blankfein. ( And it still faces investigations by federal authorities. There is no alternative to the EU, NATO membership. Let\'s not play with our future and the future of our Macedonia. "" The dispute has been a stumbling block in relations since Macedonian independence from Yugoslavia nearly three decades ago. When that happens, the soil can no longer support the structures on top of it.', '2018-10-02': 'Agency’s Computers Could Not Track Separated Families : The U.S. agency was so unprepared for the Trump administration’s zero-tolerance immigration policy that it was unable to keep track of those separated at the border. The Washington Post first reported the move. I believe that the Republicans have not done what they should have done in terms of providing some counterbalance to the executive branch. " He later said he would think about running after November. New Trump Rules Keep Immigrant Kids Locked Up Longer. Six weeks after Iris Cruz was fingerprinted so that she could pick up her 14-year-old, she still hasn’t seen her child. Perhaps the media can be forgiven for swerving the speeches of lesser-known members of Theresa May\'s Government. Read MoreThe former foreign secretary, universally known by his first name, is probably the most recognizable politician in Britain. Indeed, much in the speech will have worried Downing Street. " There will always be leadership talk, but that\'s inevitable. " John Redwood, a veteran pro-Brexit member of Parliament. "" Prime Minister Theresa May\'s coughing fit interrupted her closing speech at last year\'s annual conference. As one prominent Conservative MP told CNN, Johnson\'s "numbers are in the single figures." " CNN\'s Bianca Nobilo contributed to this reportMusk Gave Tesla Board Ultimatum On S.E.C. : Tesla’s board caved to the company co-founder’s demand, according to people familiar with the board’s decision. Through All of the Turmoil, Tesla’s Production Goes Up.', '2018-10-03': 'Racial Comments Haunt Federal Anti-Bias Official : A top Consumer Financial Protection Bureau official apologized to agency staff members after a racially charged blog post he wrote in 2004 as a University of Virginia law student became public. Millions of Australian women will benefit." I wasn\'t aware that menstruation was an illness. " Mujahedeen-e-Khalq advocates for regime change in Iran. As unemployment has swelled and subsided, inflation has remained low and steady. The government will release September wage data on Friday. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. Brexit: Could split from EU capsize the British marine industry? - They work very hard, and we don\'t want to lose that. " The big boat manufacturers...their margins are being squeezed by higher costs for sure. I think they saw the writing on the wall. Smart people are willing to change course." Mr. Bezos thanked Mr. Sanders on Twitter for praising the change. " Workers worldwide have been standing up, joining together, and winning!" Amazon is just the latest company to respond." He manages the firm\'s international and emerging markets investments. The question is, do other companies have to follow suit?" This is the argument that what\'s good for Main Street is not necessarily good for Wall Street."', '2018-10-04': 'Christine Blasey Ford Attorneys Call FBI Kavanaugh Probe A \'Stain\' On \'American Ideal Of Justice\' : Dr. Ford\'s lawyers blasted the bureau for failing to interview their client and several other witnesses about allegations surrounding Brett Kavanaugh. Added up, this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. The judge\'s decision comes a week after a hearing in the case. My hopes just got higher and higher," she told CNN Wednesday night. " I wasn\'t expecting it right now, but this is good." The issues are at least serious enough to preserve the status quo. Tomorrow, we will continue our fight for permanent status for TPS holders." CNN\'s Sonia Moghe, Vanessa Yurkevich, Laura Jarrett and Geneva Sands contributed to this report. This was a precautionary procedure and at no time were the passengers at risk." Encouraging reports on hiring and growth in the United States service sector sent small companies and banks higher Wednesday and knocked bond prices into a tailspin. The Nasdaq composite picked up 25.54 points, or 0.3 percent, to 8,025.09. It\'s been trying to catch up to Google\'s autonomous car division, Waymo. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2018-10-05': 'Hambach Forest clearance halted by German court - CNN : Hambach Forest clearance halted by German court :  (CNN)A German court on Friday temporarily blocked mining company RWE from razing further sections of an ancient forest near Cologne in what environmental campaigners have hailed as rare good news. Local police have forbidden a protest planned for Saturday. CNN\'s AJ Davis, Judith Vonberg and Nadine Schmidt contributed to this report. The party then had to ask him to take its line, grudgingly.: It also makes bonds a more intriguing investment compared to stocks. Economic data for months has been strengthening," he said. " Apple slid 1.8 percent to $227.99 and Microsoft lost 2.1 percent to $112.79. That is still mostly determined by those capricious emotional twins greed and fear. @ A better informed market should be a more rational and efficient market. Ford, at a Crossroads, Seeks Cuts and Allies : With its stock at its lowest point since 2009, the company plans to trim its salaried work force and is exploring an alliance with Volkswagen. And then there was the encounter with the gardener. But it\'s more necessary than ever to move ahead with reforms." But nothing is guaranteed to be a success, so it is unclear if he will win or lose the bet." He Believes His Policies Will Ultimately Spur Job Creation. (', '2018-10-06': 'The Hong Kong government has rejected the visa renewal application of the Financial Times’ top news editor in Asia, the first time an FT journalist has had such accreditation denied by local authorities. @ This is the first time we have encountered this situation in Hong Kong. Republicans are convinced it will motivate their sleepy base. They managed to deliver the only thing we had not been able to figure out how to do, which is to get our folks fired up," McConnell said. " Murkowski to vote \'present\' on Kavanaugh so Daines won\'t have to leave daughter\'s weddingCNN\'s Phil Mattingly, Laurie Ure, Manu Raju, Eric Bradner, Sophie Tatum and Dan Berman contributed to this report.: The economy Bond investors are betting on expansion Government bonds are known as safe haven investments. The low point was under 1.4 percent in July 2016.) The employment market remains very strong." We\'re about to find out how heavy that weight will be. Changes in one can often have large effects on another. Unemployment Fell to a 49-Year Low in September.;: Consumers and businesses are the most confident they have been in years, if not decades. Christine Specht is dealing with just that challenge. It is unclear whether that can happen again. That could force the Fed to raise interest rates more quickly than planned, which could cause a recession. Fed rate increases are one popular answer. There is little sign of that so far, however. Follow Peter Baker on Twitter: @peterbakernyt.', '2018-10-07': ": President Trump has put trade policy at the center of his agenda. Yet it is hard to be sanguine about this accomplishment, in part because the changes are so modest but mostly because the president's overall approach to international trade is so confused. Economists have spent centuries studying trade, debunking common myths and arriving at some surprising truths. Whenever my family goes out to dinner, the restaurateur gets some money, and we get a meal. To be sure, I would be happy to have balanced trade. It pays me more for my columns than I pay it for my subscription. But nonetheless, we both gain from the relationship. The overall trade deficit matters but not for what it says about trade. To see the folly in that conclusion, consider again the Mankiw family. In the language of economists, we are dissaving. But many of his initiatives actually push in the opposite direction. Reduced business regulation should also stimulate investment spending. Higher interest rates attract capital inflows from abroad, causing the dollar to appreciate. And each regulatory change should be evaluated based on its costs and benefits. N. GREGORY MANKIW N. Gregory Mankiw is the Robert M. Beren professor of economics at Harvard University. Kavanaugh Fight Left Senate Badly Scarred. Accusations, threats, attacks: The confirmation process of Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh entered new territory from the beginning, and senators from both parties fear lasting institutional damage.", '2018-10-08': ': Here\'s what to expect in the week ahead: ECONOMY Winner of Nobel in economics to be announced. Google continues its uphill battle in the consumer hardware business. Though the Pixel phones have received glowing reviews, they are still small sellers compared with Apple iPhones and Samsung devices. -- Brian X. Chen ______ ECONOMY Modest rise expected in consumer prices in September. Reports are due from JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup before the stock market opens. Emily Flitter Credit: THE NEW YORK TIMES Washers and Dryers. That’s O.K. with his home state of West Virginia. But Trump’s tariffs are raising prices for American customers.: They just want to elect "Democrats to serve as a check" on President Trump. Republicans pushed through $1.5 trillion in tax cuts. But obviously much of the money comes from Wall Street." A lot of these guys just completely disappeared." Congressional candidates blessed by the effort are in line to receive as much as $500,000 each. It\'s a phenomenon that hasn\'t existed before." The largest Republican contributor is the casino magnate Sheldon Adelson. They\'re worried about the direction of the country." Energy Coursing Through the Democratic Party has Spilled Into Corporate Boardrooms. ( That frustration could be felt at a driver’s vigil. He will face Fernando Haddad of the Workers’ Party. Human efforts, so far, have failed to keep pace. If anything, the number of defects is increasing.', '2018-10-09': 'Climate Warning Hits Silent Wall On Trump’s Desk : A day after the U.N. issued a call to arms for the world to confront climate change, President Trump, who has mocked the science around it, did not broach the topic, even in vulnerable Florida. India is the fastest-growing large economy in the world and has a stable government. But investors apparently see a lot to worry about. Stock indexes in the United States found their footing after a sharp early loss Monday and finished mixed. Technology companies sank for the third day in a row. Some of the largest losses went to technology companies, including payment and credit card companies. The ultimate goal is to bring China to its knees." It will end Google Plus for consumers next year. The company did not comment on that report. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. ( A Turkish company is generating part of Ghana’s power supply. Another one just this month finished a flashy new terminal at the country’s international airport. These two convictions — bilateral mercantilism and asymmetric balance of pain — are his guides. Third-party professional money managers run around $16tn across Asia. We’ll continue to make significant progress.', '2018-10-10': 'Law Firm’s Deal on Finder Fees Could Shake Up Securities Class Actions : Labaton Sucharow, which has achieved large settlements in cases against Petrobras, Facebook and others, paid a finder’s fee worth millions to a lawyer who did little legal work. For the past decade, oil prices have caused trouble whether they have been rising or falling. There is no level that does not pose a problem for either consumers or some producers. But the modest moves for indexes masked some roiling underneath. The explorers have been left behind a little bit by the refiners, and now\'s their time to catch up." AP Writer Annabelle Liang contributed from Singapore. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Tuesday. ( It means there’s a low risk of a hard landing\u2009. They can redeem the security at a guaranteed 10 per cent return. @ Investors may end up writing off bets that once seemed sure-fire. @ The most important component is Chinese financing, and that can be development financing\u2009. Unsurprisingly, that has sparked plenty of hand-wringing about the political economy, especially in America.', '2018-10-11': 'An Air Force Base Sustains ‘Catastrophic Damage’ : Hurricane Michael tore directly into the base, and some of the Air Force’s most advanced — and most expensive — stealth fighter jets may have been left at the base. By late morning, stocks were falling again. He was just himself, an individual, with unique views. For instance, is someone Muslim, Moroccan, French, Parisian, European or all of the above? The breaking of 7.0, we believe, is more likely to be an early 2019 story.” @ Another person said external options were being considered. LOS ANGELES -- It has the highest concentration of billionaires in the country. It exports more computers than any other state. I can see that getting bigger if we can\'t figure out the housing crisis." Their responses reflect their political philosophies. And everyone is working, the unemployment rate is pretty low. And a lot of people are thinking of moving." When asked for examples, he responded: "I don\'t know. But I\'d be more insistent on cutting the spending. But the next governor will have one advantage that Mr. Brown did not. We know what it felt like to go through a decade of serious recession. That would be the third consecutive quarter of earnings growth of more than 20 percent. Stocks Recorded Their Steepest Drop Since February. ( But I have found something new to worry about, so have not yet put', '2018-10-12': 'Beto O\'Rourke Fundraising Triples Ted Cruz\'s In Texas Senate Race : The Democratic challenger\'s campaign says the $38.1 million haul was a fundraising record for a Senate race. Yellow warnings for rain and wind have also been issued across much of the west coast of the UK, from northern Scotland to Land\'s End in Cornwall. The latest satellite image shows how big #StormCallum is. Two weeks ago the Dow Jones industrial average hit a record. Consider 2006, the middle of President George W. Bush\'s second term. Yet Democrats suffered widespread midterm losses. Whatever the momentum there is going into the elections tends to continue," Mr. Parker said. " That is less than enough to cover even just two months of imports. " We did not want to take the money the way it was being given to us." The information minister did not explain what the conditions were. Pakistan\'s New Prime Minister, Imran Khan, has Promised Both an Islamic Welfare State and Economic Transparency. ( That\'s who we are, that\'s what we do, and that\'s just the way it\'s always going to be for us." A spokeswoman declined to comment on Thursday. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. Doubts appear to be overwhelming investors\' bullishness. His policies are doing more harm than good." Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. This image shows a healthy adult bimaternal mouse who was born to', '2018-10-13': ': Stocks rebounded on Friday, clawing back some of the week\'s steep losses, but the turbulent trading of the last few days left no doubt that the relative calm the markets enjoyed all summer had been shattered. An index measuring the performance of small-company stocks had its worst week since early 2016. Longtime favorites of many investors, they had plunged in the last few days. The benchmark index tumbled 4.1 percent this week. Thanks in part to the big gain for technology companies, the Nasdaq composite gained 167.83 points, or 2.3 percent, to 7,496.89. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 414 points early on, then gave it all up and turned slightly lower. That pushed bond prices lower and sent yields up to seven-year highs. The big swings in the market on Friday suggested those fears had not gone away. " Mr. Kelly said he did not think either of those fears was justified. Shares of Ford and General Motors continued to slump. At the beginning of the year it stood at 2.46 percent. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. ( Saudi Prince’s Showcase Tarnished by Grisly Report : A conference for big investors started last year by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has become a symbol of the West’s deepening disillusionment with him after the disappearance of a Saudi journalist.', '2018-10-14': 'Bavarian Vote Lifts Liberals, In a Setback For Merkel : The far-right Alternative for Germany will enter the Bavarian Parliament for the first time. The turnout was significantly higher than in the last Bavarian election in 2013. German Chancellor Angela Merkel leads a fractured coalition. Clear the path for new elections, clear the path for policy in our country. CNN\'s Atika Shubert and Nadine Schmidt reported from Berlin.: That is bad news for home buyers and other prospective borrowers. In effect, the multi-trillion dollar global bond market is signaling a little greater confidence than it did just a few weeks ago that the nine-year expansion in the United States may have room to keep going for years to come, and without inflation taking off. It\'s reflecting the possibility that this recovery has further legs." Of course, there are downsides to the higher rates. These partnerships aren\'t required to pay taxes themselves. On Tuesday, it was about 40 percent below that 2014 peak. Much of that production is coming from the Permian Basin of West Texas and Southeastern New Mexico. People began to worry: \'What if half of the customers go bankrupt?"\' It\'s difficult to imagine she [Merkel] will serve the entire term. Vanguard Prime Money Market fund yields more than 2 percent. Our focus is on higher-quality high yield. Once you\'ve got your tweaking done, you might relax. "', '2018-10-15': "You wait forever for a better version of taxi services, and suddenly there are too many. But no one has told Chinese carmaker Geely that. Ride-hailing might help meet those goals. But the focus is likely to be on China, the larger market. Flash Floods Rip Through French Towns, Killing at Least 11 : Torrential rains in the southwestern Aude region turned small rivers into raging torrents, flooding towns, cutting off roads and trapping people in their cars or homes. He is already an existing counselor and MP in the Brussels parliament. The sticking point remains the thorny issue of the Irish border. The impasse came after signs that a deal was near. I think this is a difficult period, it was always going to be at a moment like this. There are one or two very difficult outstanding issues. All attempts to reconcile these positions have so far failed. CNN's Livvy Doherty contributed to this report. But disgusted the Liberals and Nationals voted with her.— Just look around this chamber and see how many faces you see that aren't white. List includes government ministers Mitch Fifield, Michaelia Cash, Simon Birmingham, Nigel Scullion (indigenous minister), Bridget McKenzie, Matt Canavan. The Australian government did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Previous administrations made a cosmic bet.", '2018-10-16': 'Netflix Adds Subscribers, Outpacing Expectations : Netflix’s report was the first from one of the big tech companies that helped drive the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index to a record last month.: This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Is Bavaria the start of a green revolution in Germany? - The CSU is basically our best campaigning body!" But the change is even more dramatic on the left. It would seem we were unable to convince the electorate and that is a bitter lesson. Atika Shubert wrote in Berlin and Judith Vonberg wrote in London. Many of those World Heritage sites are already at risk from rising sea levels. Get CNN Health\'s weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team. " If completed, the bridge may yet take on a new metaphorical meaning. After rising 22 per cent in 2017, the CSI 300, an index of some of the largest companies listed on the Chinese mainland, has tumbled by the same amount so far in 2018, making it one of the bigger casualties of the US-China trade dispute. British Prime Minister Theresa May leaves Downing Street on October 15, 2018 in London, UK. CNN\'s James Griffiths contributed reporting. And they could not easily switch to China or Russia for defense.', '2018-10-17': 'Queensland votes to legalize abortion - CNN : Queensland votes to legalize abortion :  (CNN)Abortion will be legalized in Queensland, after lawmakers in the Australian state overturned 19th-century legislation banning the procedure. Only one Labor member voted against the bill. Women will no longer have the fear of committing a crime when making the deeply personal decisions over their own bodies," Queensland\'s Labor Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said on Twitter. Saskya Vandoorne reported from Paris, France. The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 547 points. Technology companies also jumped after taking steep losses during the market\'s rout last week. On Wednesday Canada will legalize marijuana nationwide. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Industrial Production: Index of Total Industrial Production, 2012 = 100, Seasonally Adjusted. ( A Lyft Logo Being Installed On a Car Next to an Uber Sticker. ( Mergers and acquisitions activity is booming. The record levels of 2017 have already been outstripped so far in 2018. Money is still cheap but is becoming more expensive. Local government funding vehicles provide one means to this end. European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker shakes hands with British Prime Minister Theresa May. The key point is the backstop, the Irish Republic.', '2018-10-18': 'Brexit transition period: EU leaders unlikely to oppose extension  - CNN : EU leaders prepared to extend UK\'s Brexit transition period : Brussels, Belgium (CNN)The European Union said Thursday it was ready to extend the length of the transition period designed to smooth the UK\'s exit from the 28-nation bloc next year. As you know emotions matter in politics," said Tusk. https://t.co/wsPlmtnUFs— Michel Barnier (@MichelBarnier) October 18, 2018  German Chancellor Angela Merkel was more optimistic. " We are a million miles away from what the Brexit elite once promised. Funding also focuses on agriculture, economic growth and food security. Let\'s see how the economy is performing at that point, and then we might have to do a little bit more after that." There\'s no law against that, but I don\'t think it\'s wise." In trade-weighted terms, its gains have been even stronger. @ How far might unfolding events exacerbate the worries? It lost as much as 319 points before briefly turning higher. It was the last company still carrying that label. The dollar rose to 112.49 yen from 112.18 yen. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. After Midterms, a Power Boost for New York Democrats? :', '2018-10-19': "Evening Edition : In the On Politics newsletter, a record midterms for women sets the stage for a record presidential campaign; plus, a barrier-breaking candidate in Texas and a new poll in California. But if you look at it from a larger historical perspective, the outlook is very bright.” @ Tremendous uncertainties [are] ahead of us.” @ He is promoting an overseas Reit-like platform for retail investors together with Russian partners. @ In many ways what is happening today is a continuation of a trend. But for now, the benefits of the programme are skewed towards China. @ The offshore rate was a touch weaker at Rmb6.9403. @ Many of the stocks in the named companies dove in unison. What is the difference between the onshore and offshore currency? @ Economic data published in the past few months have indicated a slowdown in growth. @ Capital market inflows into China have also slowed. Here's a rundown of what has been happening in the stock market. On Tuesday, shares posted their biggest gains in seven months. The S.&P. home-building index is down 10 percent this month, as mortgage rates have pushed above 5 percent. What are investors going to look to next? Apple manufactures its products there, but China is also a significant market for the company. Source: Refinitiv); Jobless Claims: Weekly Number of People Who Have Filed for Unemployment Benefits for the First Time. (: Chinese shoppers have said they are spending less and downgrading", '2018-10-20': ': United States markets gave up an early rally on Friday and struggled to another mixed finish as investors continued to withdraw from former stock favorites like retailers. Procter & Gamble, the world\'s largest consumer products maker, had its biggest rally in 10 years. The S.&P. 500 hasn\'t risen two days in a row since Sept. 20. Stocks of other household goods companies also rose. Italian bond prices turned higher Friday and yields slipped. The zones were an unheralded part of the tax law. But they have since attracted widespread interest. The rating on Italy\'s debt is Moody\'s lowest before a bond is considered junk. So the more the bonds fall in value, the worse it is for the large banks.: The question is whether business as usual will go on." Much of that commitment has yet to be fulfilled. Saudi Arabia has also dished out billions in fees to American and European banks for advising on business deals. We think of ourselves as long-term, responsible stewards of capital." But the arrests have added to investors\' worries. Total did not respond to requests for comment. " Credit: LIZ ALDERMAN and MICHAEL J. de la MERCED; Liz Alderman reported from Paris, and Michael J. de la Merced from London.', '2018-10-21': 'In Poland’s Elections, Deep Divide Suggests Few Gains for Ruling Party : Although official results are not yet in, exit polls suggested that the governing Law and Justice party had not expanded its appeal to the moderates in Poland’s urban areas. Jordan Plans To Reclaim Two Regions From Israelis : Under internal political pressure, King Abdullah II of Jordan said he was reversing a clause of the 1994 treaty that symbolized the peace with Israel. Pregnant Workers Seek Respite And Are Denied, at a Cruel Cost    : Women in strenuous jobs lost their pregnancies after employers denied their requests for light duty, even ignoring doctors’ notes, an investigation by The New York Times has found. Hurricane Victims’ Fear  Spikes as Aid Withdraws : Places hit hard by Hurricane Michael are slowly returning to normal, but residents worry that officials will be in too great a hurry to move on.', '2018-10-22': 'Guard Shoots Trespasser At TV Station : The police said the man, who was unarmed, appeared irate at the time of the shooting, stoking renewed fears of journalists being targeted in a polarized environment.: Karen Weise ______ ECONOMY European Central Bank meets, as economy faces pressures. Google will probably face questions on how those plans may affect future results. Jack Ewing This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Inventing a product that is wildly popular is not usually a setback for a technology company. Eight of the world’s top 10 universities in the Shanghai rankings are American  two are Oxbridge. @ Good thinkers will move for money, a welcome, freedom of inquiry and the company of other minds. The US and UK are losing dominance in all those things. British dominance has been extraordinary. It said it had detained 18 unidentified Saudis over the incident. The slowdown does not suggest anything is wrong. It is insignificant in itself  the economy is still growing strongly. But this hypothesis is inconsistent with the evidence. Conceivably, trade friction will bite in coming quarters. Too often this led to wasteful investment. Growth generated in this way is just waste. These were employment, finance, foreign trade, foreign capital, investment and market expectations. Their differences were mostly confined to tactics. Many changes have been made to the original proposal to address concerns by countries. We are therefore optimistic that any remaining concerns can be addressed".', '2018-10-23': 'As the US midterms loom, animus between the Democrats and Republicans is plumbing new depths, with polls showing the country is split 50-50. They believe immigration is beneficial, feminism is good, the police are brutal and that Donald Trump is bad. Just as in the world of fashion, styles come and go in markets. It has soundly eclipsed value investing. @ But this year, both currencies flopped. @ What is more serious is that the dislike is translating into feelings about the US as a whole. Far fewer still believe that to be true today. A trade war is raging, but somebody forgot to tell foreign portfolio investors. @ Yesterday I woke up with a 57-year-old man in my bed and, more painfully, he looked back at me in my bathroom mirror. It last raised $1.9bn in April and $1.6bn last October. The index is on course for its worst month in more than three years. Decliners outnumbered gainers on the New York Stock Exchange. That early rally vanished after a few minutes as trading turned volatile. Benchmark American crude recovered from an early skid. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Monday. (', '2018-10-24': 'Putin Asserts  Move by U.S.  Puts Europe  In Danger : The Russian president issued the warning after President Trump said the U.S. planned to pull out of a nuclear treaty banning some types of missiles. Until this year, when threats have emerged and multiplied. Apparently, Mr Trump thinks China receives too good a deal. @ Saudi Arabia on Tuesday agreed to give support worth at least $6bn to Pakistan to help the south Asian country avert a balance of payments crisis, in a move that highlights Riyadh’s financial clout even as it struggles to emerge from a diplomatic imbroglio. @ The problem may be less the company or product, and more WhatsApp the idea.: Italian bonds are being pummeled in financial markets. Italy\'s credit rating is perilously close to junk status. Bond traders and European politicians should be worried about such things. Italy probably has several months to avoid slipping over the cliff to the junk abyss. Here is a look at what might happen in the worst case. All of them have big stockpiles of Italian government bonds. One of the most common forms of collateral is, wouldn\'t you know it, government bonds. When people spend and earn less, they pay less in taxes. The biggest risk may be something that most people have not considered yet. That\'s a polite way of saying "market panic. " The tokens used have been built on the blockchain platform, Ethereum.', '2018-10-25': "Pakistan Is Saving Up to Build Dams : The financially challenged government asks Pakistanis at home and abroad to donate to a $14 billion dam project. Trump Asked Dems And Media To Promote Unity. Empty seats at a high-profile conference reflect the danger. Khashoggi killing: Why Putin won't criticize Saudis - CNN : Putin won't criticize Saudis on Khashoggi killing. But there is also a big commercial factor driving Russia's somewhat forgiving stance toward Riyadh. It's a strategy that is already paying off handsomely. So now people say we want to have you end that order. Google zieht sich aus dem Umspannwerk zurück. Eine erste Übersicht der Pressemeldung gibt's hier:https://t.co/KRTl15RrWi pic.twitter.com/r2bh07fOu0— GloReiche Nachbarschaft (@gloreiche36) October 24, 2018  AFP reported that real estate prices in the Kreuzberg area rose by 71% between 2016 and 2017, citing a study by property consultancy Knight Frank. It currently has facilities in London, Madrid and Warsaw, as well as Tel Aviv, Seoul and São Paulo. CNN has contacted both companies with a request for comment. There is a growing pattern of information of which we have become aware over time related to technological theft issues. ” The warming relations are an unambiguously positive development. The Fed is expected to raise interest rates again at its next meeting in December.", '2018-10-26': 'U.S. Economy Stays Red-Hot, But Chill Lurks : After six months of strong growth, the economy is on track for its best annual performance since 2005. If a worker demanded a raise or a supplier threatened a price increase, there were plenty of alternatives. The economy is now heating up enough that interest rates are rising to more normal levels. That\'s what\'s really driving stock movements." And Xilinx was only the S.&P. 500\'s second-best performer. Until we get through this we\'re just going to have this range-bound and very choppy market," he said. Twitter faces another test soon: the Nov. 6 midterm elections. A year ago, the pace was twice as quick. " The company is also focused more on its advertising business. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. You’re a Star, but What Have You Done Lately? : @It is five minutes to midnight on climate change. That was a goal of the Paris agreement of 2015. Achieving it means drastic reductions in emissions from now. That is no longer because it is technically impossible. It reads like a reductio ad absurdum — a demonstration of the implausibility of its premise.', '2018-10-27': 'Shopping for Health Insurance: Many Options but Little Guidance : Consumers seeking health insurance will see relatively stable premiums when open enrollment under the Affordable Care Act starts Thursday, but there will be fewer sources of advice and assistance. More than 60 of them collected more than $1 million. Two races, meanwhile, are shifting towards Republicans. The National Republican Congressional Committee cut off funding from Peterson two weeks ago. Those are: CA-07, FL-07, MN-07, NH-02 and NJ-05. In a different environment these contests would all be more competitive. But there were signs that the growth could cool in the coming months. The economics textbook would say that if you give a tax cut that lasts several years, you should see the effects for several years." We\'ve got a very strong economy right now." But on Main Street, consumers do have plenty to cheer. It also sells online lending technology to banks. ": Disappointing earnings reports from the tech giants Amazon and Alphabet set off another turbulent day on Wall Street on Friday, and the benchmark stock-market index briefly dipped into a correction. The question is: Is this the top of a bull market? said Julian Emanuel, chief equity strategist at institutional brokerage BTIG. But those worries are not necessarily justified, Mr. Emanuel said. " Both companies are scheduled to report earnings next week. The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Friday. (', '2018-10-28': 'Suddenly, a Tight Race for Oregon Governor : Oregon Gov. Kate Brown faces a serious challenge from Knute Buehler, a Republican. With Bolsonaro, Brazil Embraces a Harsh, Polarizing Presidential Tone : Brazil\'s new leader has made countless divisive statements about torture, democracy, women, gay people and others during his rise to power. A remarkable gender gap has opened up in Americans\' views of their own finances and the broader national economy. The gaps remain even between men and women who are similar in age, race, education and income. The gap has since narrowed slightly but remains larger than before the election. Everything in my life seems to be getting more expensive, and my wages are the same." Denver is in the midst of an economic boom. Their political views may also play a role. But he said the economy was "probably the one area where I would say the president is doing a good job." Other economic questions reveal a similar gap. " For Addie Chase, the economy is working fine. About the survey: The data in this article came from an online survey of 9,532 adults conducted by the polling firm SurveyMonkey from Oct. 1 to Oct. 7. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant. Sources: Pew Research Center; Surveymonkey)', '2018-10-29': 'In El Paso Barrio, O’Rourke’s Backing of Building Plan Isn’t Forgotten : As a young city councilman, Mr. O’Rourke, now running for Senate in Texas, angered residents who viewed him as siding with the moneyed elite in supporting a redevelopment plan. Critics say Mr. Moon is being duped by yet another deceitful dictator.: Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them.__________ The selling that has driven down the markets continued on Friday. Swoons like this one can be unnerving, in part because they suggest all is not well with the broader economy. Shares of big tech companies have soared this year. But other selling cannot be so easily shrugged off. Will President Trump\'s trade war soon start to do real damage to corporate earnings and the global economy? Photograph by Justin Lane/Epa, Via Shutterstock): Here\'s what to expect in the week ahead: TRADE World Trade Organization to hear U.S. complaint on China. As president, Mr Trump’s first duty should have been to appeal to national unity. Instead, he used it as a chance to sow more division. But his culpability goes deeper than that. We have been reshaping IBM for this moment.” Trump\'s own daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner are practicing Jews. All three men are Jewish or of Jewish descent. Vice President Mike Pence denies any such link. There\'s no anything," he told reporters on Friday.', '2018-10-30': 'Marcus Molinaro, the Republican candidate who finds himself unable to narrow a deficit in the polls, says his life’s struggles have helped define his campaign.7 : The renminbi has fallen to its weakest point in a decade, and Washington worries about how that may affect the dispute between the United States and China. The sweeping corporate tax cuts Donald Trump signed into law almost a year ago have had little or no effect on most US companies’ hiring and investment plans, according to a business survey released on Monday. @ How Kohl\'s figured out the Amazon era - CNN : How Kohl\'s figured out the Amazon era : New York (CNN Business)Kohl\'s isn\'t the flashiest retailer in America. But it\'s a go-to store for millions of moms. It also has relationships with designers for exclusive lines, such as LC Lauren Conrad and Simply Vera Vera Wang. Last quarter, Kohl\'s own brands had their best performance in five years. And we want to be the destination," CEO Kevin Mansell said earlier this year. Most of its stores are located away from struggling malls. The bull market was not just a\xa0“sugar high”. Some of these fundamentals were inherited from former president Barack Obama. Beijing last cut taxes on cars three years ago.', '2018-10-31': 'The former president’s star power among Democrats is unmatched, but some supporters are skeptical that his leadership style is suited to the sharp-elbowed political moment. As a result many people are seeking to acquire a second citizenship within the bloc. But that all changed after the June 2016 vote. " The announcement heralds a departure from that practice. Johnson helped raise money for President Donald Trump\'s campaign and donated to his inaugural committee. " If they\'re the best, then that\'s just fine. CNN\'s Max Foster contributed to this report.: There is nothing particularly threatening about the number 7 itself. But passing that number would be significant symbolically. It\'s a lot more complicated in the real world. The plastic and metal for the plastic flamingo may have been imported to China and are priced in dollars. Is the drop deliberate on Beijing\'s part? Beijing could buy up its own currency instead. But it does indicate the direction of current market pressure." But as history shows, there can be a price to pay. KEITH BRADSHER Follow Keith Bradsher on Twitter: @KeithBradsher.: And I have young kids -- I know a lot about that." Another 15 districts rank in the next quintile, "comfortable." Things are getting better," the ad reads in closing. " The stimulus Beijing has added has so far been measured. These include robotics, electric power equipment and of course integrated circuits.', '2018-11-01': 'Living in New York and Sick of Political Ads? The world\'s largest technology companies drove the stock market to record highs earlier this year. October was particularly painful for investors. Technology Giants Were Responsible for 50 Percent of Gains, but 20 Percent of Losses. ( Photograph by Brendan Mcdermid/Reuters) (B2) Chart: The S. & P. 500 Index: Position of the S. & P. 500 Index at 1-Minute Intervals On Wednesday. ( Now they are honing what they hope is a winning economic message focused on workers. Mr. DeSantis is running slightly behind Andrew Gillum, the Democrat. Climate change is not only about the next decades to the end of the century. Trump\'s failure to fight climate change is a crime against humanityA zettajoule is 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 joules. There are also young teenagers who are attempting to self harm. Many fled war-torn countries and entered Australian waters by boat. We absolutely cannot wait until Christmas to get them off. These children are innocent victims and should not, under any circumstances, be held for one day longer. That\'s sort of like trying to nail jello to the wall. They are unprofessional, irresponsible and made with ulterior motives," Lu added. This week, the UN\'s International Telecommunication Union gathered for its quadrennial meeting in Dubai. Living in New York and Sick of Political Ads?', '2018-11-02': 'Chinese stocks posted gains of 4 per cent on Friday, with Hong Kong-listed companies on track to record their biggest weekly jump in three and a half years, after a conversation between the US and Chinese leaders and reports of draft terms in the offing assuaged concerns over the rumbling trade impasse. @ We are here to say that enough is enough. ” An employee with a supportive boss is thrilled to learn about a newly created position that will allow her to continue her research. The problem: The job is at a lower classification. For Emmanuel Macron, she was the indispensable partner. But soon he could be dealing with a German chancellor who is less accommodating than Ms Merkel. @ Harold Macmillan’s famous observation is usually misremembered. Most of our people have never had it so good.” Then came the oft-forgotten caveat: “What is beginning to worry some of us is ‘Is it too good to be true?’ Business leaders betray a similar ambivalence. Germany has a whopping current account surplus. It makes high-quality products commanding premium prices. The future belongs to the digital worlds of machine learning and artificial intelligence. You can see a fingerprint of climate change within these figures," he said. CNN has not been able to verify the recording independently. But he is only 52, and still a young man. " Didn\'t he do enough damage first time round?? I think we\'ve taken the wrong course," he said.:', '2018-11-03': 'Election 2018: CNN Key Race ratings -- Six races move toward Democrats  - CNNPolitics : CNN Key Races: Six races move toward Democrats as battle for control of the House enters the home stretch : Washington (CNN)The first $5 billion election is almost in the books. CNN\'s Nada Bashir reported from London and journalist Peter Taggart from Belfast. In the atmosphere of willful indifference, a virulent movement has grown and metastasized.: You mean the people of Texas want to stop the caravan?" The crowd responded with chants of "build the wall." That message "skips right past this district," Mr. Roskam said. " I almost think his presence and his energy at this point in our midterms is more important than specifically what he is saying." If inflation grows moderately, that would not be as likely. Among Republicans, that number is even higher at 85 percent. " That caution is particularly pertinent this time. But there\'s no way that growth is going to continue." October\'s figures will be revised twice more, and September\'s once more. I would love it if I got a permanent job." Some states even give tax breaks for contributions to other states\' plans.) Where can I find more information about 529 plans? Shawn Yang, 27, works in finance in Shanghai.', '2018-11-04': 'Iran Oil Sanctions Restart; Fed Will Meet on Rates : BMW’s earnings may show the effects of the trade war, Disney’s earnings are expected to be strong and E.U. ministers will discuss trade relations with the U.S.Bahrain Opposition Leaders Sentenced : The appeals court overturned the acquittals of Sheikh Ali Salman and two other officials on Sunday, in what an international rights group called a “travesty of justice. ” The United States economy is the strongest it has been in ages. In terms of assets, the typical middle-income family has either zero or minimal holdings in the stock market, meaning the surge since November 2016 hasn\'t paid direct benefits. Outside of food, the pattern mostly recurs. Homeowners typically have their monthly mortgage costs already set. It booms for some people more than others. Remarkably, this has been true for every midterm election since World War II. It\'s only part of the picture, but it\'s a positive part." And to a much lesser extent, two-term presidents look to ensure the election of their successors.) Cause and effect have been difficult to prove. The Iran hostage crisis didn\'t help, of course.) Of course, the Fed could back off if the economy slackens. Will the midterm pattern be sustained once more? Its overwhelming consistency is formidable. But so is Mr. Trump\'s ability to shatter convention. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jeff Sommer on Twitter: @jeffsommer Illustration DRAWING (DRAWING BY MINH UONG/THE NEW YORK TIMES)', '2018-11-05': "Nancy Pelosi Isn't Going Anywhere: 'I'm Really Good At What I Do' : She's confident that Democrats will win back the House -- and that she's the best fit for speaker in the Trump era. Under pressure from the United States, it is cutting off Iranian banks. I have received hundreds of submissions that make clear many people are really struggling to make ends meet. Each country should work hard to improve its own business environment. Mr Xi said the expo would become an annual event. @ These are problems that one encounters amid progress. We are taking active measures to address them, and the result is already apparent. ” It also galvanised the small team at an ambitious non-profit organisation based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. @ Beijing is spending more than $100bn in south Asia. Such an approach is entirely logical and rational. The only problem is that the approach has failed. Chevron's stock price jumped more than 3.5 percent, to about $119, on Monday, bringing its two-day gain to roughly 7 percent. That should yield better capital efficiency in 2018 and boost free cash flow, in Credit Suisse's view.", '2018-11-06': "Erdogan Uses Tactics Honed at Home on Saudis : President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s demands for justice in the Khashoggi killing have left many deeply conflicted in Turkey, where tens of thousands have been detained in a government crackdown. Chinese investment in Australia fell 40 per cent last year. But Ping An founder Peter Ma said his company was focused on its domestic market. “ As of now, we don’t have aspirations to make acquisitions overseas,” he said. “ what is the revenue potential for these businesses and against that looking at what the expense base is\u2009. To borrow surfing lingo, 2018 has been a wipeout for investors. Many asset classes are in negative territory, while even oil’s status as a winner is coming under threat. @ Action from both sides to resolve their rivalry truly matters for markets. @ Drugmakers including Eli Lilly also climbed. Apple took another sharp loss, which knocked the tech giant's market value below the $1 trillion mark. Smaller and more domestically oriented companies also lagged. Smaller companies are vulnerable to higher interest rates because they tend to carry more debt. The Nasdaq composite sank 28.14 points, or 0.4 percent, to 7,328.85. Apple also said it will stop announcing how many iPhones it sold each quarter. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. (", '2018-11-07': 'Showing Obamacare’s Resilience, More Red States Embrace Medicaid : The votes in three deep red states show how resilient the program has been, even as the Trump administration chips away at other aspects of ObamacareMarket Exhales, Then Continues Its Climb as Election Season Comes to a Close : The S&P 500 has risen in four of the first five trading days of the November. Wednesday’s 2.1 percent gain was its third-best showing this year. It was at risk at the Supreme Court on Wednesday.: The vote could affect U.S. trade, economic and security policies. That could help big box stores and grocery chains, which get a lot of revenue from those programs. In early October it traded above $76 a barrel. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( Now, I\'m not calling Mr. DeSantis a racist," Gillum said in response. " The lives of 59 children are at risk, it said, including 25 who are in the intensive care unit at the city\'s al-Thawra hospital. CNN\'s Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report. But it continues to behave most responsibly only when placed under a microscope. Upgrade the Sound Coming From Your TV : Flat-panel HDTVs are too thin to house good speakers.', '2018-11-08': 'China spent roughly $32bn in foreign exchange reserves to strengthen the renminbi in October, its heaviest monthly intervention in nearly two years in the latest sign of Beijing’s nervousness about the economy. @ The players, and the team he advises, did not take it well.: The construction machinery maker Caterpillar, which also has large exposure to China, rose 4.5 percent. It means a repeat of \'repeal and replace\' is off the table," he added, referring to the potential for a wholesale replacement of the law, commonly known as Obamacare. That turn of events reflects a dizzying swing in market sentiment. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( Source: Refinitiv); 30-Year Treasury Bond: High yield at auction. ( The southern English town of Dover acts as a gateway to Europe and is linked to Calais by a ferry crossing, as well as by the Channel Tunnel rail link under the English Channel. wrote physicist and broadcaster Professor Brian Cox in a tweet. Kemp currently leads Democrat Stacey Abrams, with 50.3% of the vote. The county was continuing to send ballots at least as late as last week. " The certification is currently planned for next Tuesday. During a campaign debate, he said he would not recuse himself.', '2018-11-09': 'The storm ignited by Saudi Arabia’s savage assassination of the journalist Jamal Khashoggi in its Istanbul consulate has momentarily given way to a lull. Yet anyone with even cursory knowledge of the way power works in Saudi Arabia could work that out anyway. There are real uncertainties about what happens next. Successful companies could navigate through them. Even authoritarian governments can no longer expect to exercise exclusive control over their domestic economies. This is not just due to hardware innovation. For a generation, market participants presumed these were emerging markets issues. Washington’s shift to protectionism is one example. They can move headquarters, diffuse operations and disperse capital. @ But they are also motivated by market forces. Government and business have different goals, divergent incentives and answer to distinct constituencies. That means they are stuck with each other. @ Tina is the old Margaret Thatcher dictum: “there is no alternative”. This has been a portentous year for the dollar. Markets were coming off huge gains the day before. Most other groups of stocks finished little changed. We do not believe they will be as aggressive as many fear," he said. " PHOTOGRAPH BY RICHARD DREW/ASSOCIATED PRESS) CHARTS: The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( The big, as yet unanswered, question is to what extent this matters. @', '2018-11-10': 'A Record 23,121 Migrants  In Families Were Detained At the Border Last Month : More than 20,000 migrants traveling in families were stopped at the southwest border, an increase reported hours after the Trump administration announced measures to limit asylum claims. After the midterms, what\'s next on immigration? - Democrats gained control of the House in Tuesday\'s midterm elections. And to efforts to protect other immigrant communities. " But reaching a deal is still harder than it sounds. Trump will still wield power when it comes to enforcement. Controversial policies will face more scrutiny. They\'re still not in control as we head into this negotiation," Moran said. " Next year, you\'re going to have more muscle and more fight on that issue." Some are already expressing their doubts. A $1.5 trillion tax cut, signed by President Trump last year, is fueling consumer spending. They lost in districts that got big tax cuts. But Tuesday\'s results do not appear to align with measures of state economic health. [ It\'s a Sunday newsletter with essential business insights that\'ll prep you for the week ahead.] They included four members of the House Ways and Means Committee, which wrote the law, most notably Peter Roskam of Illinois, the chairman of the tax policy subcommittee, and Erik Paulsen of Minnesota, the chairman of the Joint Economic Committee. Yet Ms. Fletcher won the district by nearly five percentage points. Some Republicans have pushed this case. "', '2018-11-11': 'Now the markets can start obsessing about gridlock, impeachment and the 2020 election. ■ The prospect of congressional gridlock and vituperation. But the "base case" that UBS and most other analysts forecast ahead of the voting was what actually happened -- a split decision producing gridlock. These are the young undocumented immigrants who have benefited from an Obama-era program called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, but face the possibility of deportation under current Trump administration policies. Market performance during the Watergate scandal is less reassuring. That downturn continued until March 1975, impairing the political prospects of President Gerald Ford, Nixon\'s successor. A recession would be the market\'s biggest worry. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jeff Sommer on Twitter: @jeffsommer Illustration DRAWING (DRAWING BY DIANA CHU)Theresa May touts response to Russia\'s \'reckless\' use of chemical weapons in Salisbury - CNN : Theresa May touts response to Russia\'s \'reckless\' use of chemical weapons in Salisbury :  (CNN)UK Prime Minister Theresa May on Sunday lauded Europe\'s response to Russia\'s "reckless" use of chemical weapons. Together with our allies, in response to the attack in Salisbury, we coordinated the largest ever collective expulsion of Russian intelligence officers, fundamentally degrading Russian intelligence capability for years to come. And we hope that the Russian state chooses to take this path.', '2018-11-12': 'Problem Traces to 1990s : Two decades ago, the costs began rising well beyond that of other nations, and in recent years have shot up again. After 2000, that declined to an annual average of only 20 companies. @ The value of these businesses lies more in human capital and monopolistic advantage. A retreat from the globalisation of capital flows is already under way. Its friends in Europe are raising half a cheer. These days, they take what they can get. @ So too was the present danger of Islamist terrorism and potential spillovers from the conflicts in the Middle East. Last week, however, I made a travel mistake which raised a more interesting issue than careless clicking. Species already vulnerable to extinction would be pushed to the brink. Estimates vary but, globally, there are thought to be around 30,000 rhinos and fewer than 4,000 tigers in the wild. The six subspecies of the latter are either endangered or critically endangered. we erase what a nation holds dearest, what gives it life, what makes it great, and what is essential: its moral values.” @ the US defence industry as the golden standard,” said Lorand Laskai, a research associate at the Council on Foreign Relations. @ @ “ But of course, our manufacturing equipment is still imported. ” He should never have been appointed and\u2009. But there is another that counts almost as much: the motor. @ “', '2018-11-13': "Anger Over Voter ID Law Lifted Indian Woman in North Dakota : On an otherwise bleak night for North Dakota Democrats, a Native American woman unseated the architect of the very law tribes had feared would disenfranchise them. Amazon shares dropped 4.4 percent, and Facebook fell 2.4 percent. More recently, stocks had regained much of that ground. Monday's pain wasn't exclusively due to tech stocks. That trend could become more pronounced in the coming months. It was the first carrier to offer the Apple iPhone in Japan. REUTERS) This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.: Such spending is crucial to keeping economic growth strong. More productive workers would then see their wages rise accordingly. PHOTOGRAPH BY EDUARDO MUNOZ/REUTERS); WAGE DOLDRUMS: After an initial rush of bonuses, growth in pay is not keeping up with inflation. ( CNN Sues White House Over Barring of Reporter : The network, citing violations of the First and Fifth Amendments, asked a federal court to reinstate his press credentials, which were revoked after an exchange with President Trump last week. The trick will be for Theresa May, can she satisfy everyone? CNN's Erin McLaughlin, James Frater and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report. I would like to reiterate that the Chinese government has not changed its stance on", '2018-11-14': 'Trump Embraces a Path To Ease U.S. Sentencing : Senators have staked the success of the bipartisan agreement on President Trump, but powerful pockets of opposition remain among some law enforcement officials and conservative lawmakers. Now all eyes are on the president who appointed him. The United Nations calls it a “clear violation” of international principles. Morning Edition : The Democratic wave is looking stronger a week after the election, with the party continuing to pick up seats in the House as well as one in the Senate. Now, she faces the much tougher task of getting the plan through Parliament. Europe Would Strike Back Against U.S. Car Tariffs : Europe and the United States are trying to agree to formal trade talks but the E.U. is already preparing to hit back if Mr. Trump moves ahead with car tariffs. Alternative estimates of Chinese credit growth paint a slightly less sanguine picture, however. @ I don’t think it’s going to cross,” Mr Liu said. “ Among other factors, it also adds local government bond issuance to the official TSF reading. @ The government has a great deal of control over the financial system. Most of the lenders are state-owned banks. When signs of stress appear the government will step in to stop it spiralling out of control. The government would take some of this debt on to its balance sheet.” @', '2018-11-15': "Brian Kemp and Rick Scott have drawn criticism for mixing their political lives with their public roles, contributing to the electoral turmoil in Georgia and Florida. I believe with every fiber of my being that the course I have set out is the right one for our country and all our people. Two junior ministers, two ministerial aides and the Conservative party's vice chairman also resigned. Today, I have resigned as Brexit Secretary. Despite being a leading Brexiter he was thought to have been on board with May's plan. Thursday's front pages reflected the difficulties ahead. CNN's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London and Euan McKirdy from Hong Kong. Dozens of other smart analysts are sounding the alarm. @ But this has created new global instabilities as money rushes out of emerging markets. Its earlier belt-tightening gave it some wriggle room to do so. An agreement ending the trade war would be a start. It is extraordinary to reflect that China only introduced private enterprise some 30 years ago. By 2006, the country boasted 16 billionaires. This is why they transform their companies over and over again. @ People dislike losing far more than they like winning. The regulatory fog shows no sign of lifting. @ The dynamic is similar in state legislatures.", '2018-11-16': "As Options Dwindle  On Brexit, Momentum Builds for Second Vote : Theresa May’s plan for Britain to leave the European Union looks unlikely to get through Parliament, leaving few options. That makes a second referendum a real prospect. Friday was yet another day of chaos in Parliament. Local media have also reported the state planning agency is considering cuts to the vehicles purchase tax. @ Mevlut Cavusoglu, Turkey’s foreign minister, said on Thursday that he did not find the Saudi statement “satisfactory”. If that is true, Goldman has lost its honour. China has been made starkly aware of this weakness. Even then, he warned: “It will be slower. The summit opens in Buenos Aires on November 30. @ CNN's Eliza Mackintosh contributed to this report. Read MoreBoth men were sentenced to life in prison. Friday's sentences will be merged with their existing sentences. This has been a long time coming, and obviously there's been a tremendous amount of time taken. It required a deep dive into Khmer Rouge archives. He held a number of positions during the regime's rule, including a short stint as acting prime minister. Traders also unloaded shares in homebuilders. Oil prices closed higher for the second straight day.", '2018-11-17': 'Macron bears brunt of discontent as French fuel protests leave 1 dead, dozens injured - CNN : Protests over spiraling French fuel prices leave 1 dead, dozens injured : Paris (CNN)A protester was accidentally run over and killed by a car during a demonstration over rising fuel prices, a top official in eastern France said Saturday. Five police officers suffered slight injuries, and one was severely injured. Protesters wearing yellow vests demonstrate on the Promenade des Anglais in Nice, southern France, on Saturday. More than 1 million people were expected to turn out Saturday for demonstrations across the country. Partway through the day, the numbers were much lower than that. " Where there is a roadblock -- which means there\'s a risk for emergency services -- there will be police." He nevertheless admitted that he was "wary because many different people are trying to piggyback on this movement." CNN\'s Eva Tapiero reported from Paris, while Matthew Robinson and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. Still, the situation has improved since Bush v. Gore.: The commission later issued a news release. We say that chain is stronger and better than wire. " Correction: This story has been updated to correct the tonnage of the ships involved in the collision. On a balance between majority and minority -- between government and opposition.', '2018-11-18': 'Florida Sues Walgreens, CVS, Alleging They Added To State\'s Opioid Crisis : The pharmacies are accused of failing to stop opioid orders that were suspicious or of an unreasonable amount. Bad To The Bone: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Gets Down In Epic \'SNL\' Rap Video : "Tell Trump to stay outta her way. I\'m sticking with stocks precisely because I have no idea where the market is heading, and the statistics show that mistiming market rallies is excruciatingly costly. And I\'m doing it out of faith in the future. I hope that will still be true, if I wait long enough. Mr. Peta analyzed all previous United States bull markets -- defined as an increase in the S&P 500 of at least 20 percent -- from 1966 through 2007. He divided each of them into 10 equal chronological periods. That could happen: It often does in the autumn, especially after midterm elections, as I\'ve written recently. Once you\'ve answered that, I\'d reduce the stock in your portfolio to the lowest level that is within that range." Mr. Ramsey said that older retirees should probably hold very little stock. That\'s as conservative as I\'ve been in a decade. Dollar-cost averaging is the fancy name for this kind of investing.)', '2018-11-19': "Trump Fuels War of Words With Leaders Of Pakistan : President Trump and Prime Minister Imran Khan of Pakistan traded criticism on Twitter after Mr. Trump defended his decision to withdraw hundreds of millions in aid. But there are some options in the area for vacationers looking for a winter getaway. But is the lure of its billions of buyers masking what could be trouble ahead?Can BuzzFeed Make a Deal? : Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ That, in turn, may prompt them to spend less, which can weaken the economy. The growth of several big economies has slowed recently. Germany's gross domestic product unexpectedly shrank in the third quarter. A week ago, investors were forecasting a 54 percent chance of two increases. The gentler tone is apparent in comments about growth. Photograph Jerome H. Powell, Fed chairman. ( He then spent a further $305,000 refurbishing them. For the past four years, the cannon have been languishing unused in storage. Johnson has yet to reply to CNN's request for comment. ' What happened next takes more than a tweet to describe. @ Mr Trump said on Sunday in an interview with Chris Wallace of Fox. It can target 80 different enemy aircraft, drones and cruise missiles at the same time from 400km away, and spot stealth warplanes that previously evaded detection. @ That may have hurt some House Republicans in the midterms.", '2018-11-20': ': Apple was worth more than $1 trillion at the start of November. The U.S. has definitely been stronger than the rest of the world. If the rest of the world slows down, that will eventually slow us, too." Economically sensitive financial stocks have slid 7.5 percent. The sharp sell-off on Monday will only add to that tally. But the recent drop has left those valuations substantially lower. Photograph The New York Stock Exchange on Monday. The draft Brexit deal must be agreed on at an EU summit on November 25. That the vacancy exists at all is itself controversial. David Shortell wrote from Washington, DC. JUST WATCHEDThe Erdogan effect: How one man shaped TurkeyReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHThe Erdogan effect: How one man shaped Turkey 03:32Demirtas has consistently denied all charges. " There are several decisions that they took related to terror organizations. We\'ll make our counter-move and finish it off. It is not ECHR that put down terror in Turkey. Bitcoin has slumped to its lowest price in more than a year. Other cryptocurrencies have fared even worse. But sentiment can at least be partially understood. It split into two different versions on Thursday. @ Such dilution is precisely why cryptocurrencies are ultimately doomed to failure. Wall Street dealmakers are the ultimate optimists.', '2018-11-21': 'When Russia Was Full of Hope : “We believe that in 2018 people will be safe from war and hunger. The world will be more just than it is today and there will be no capitalists left. ” Australia has come under fire from international rights groups for its strict immigration laws. He must be stomping around the Kremlin right now, furious. " Hunt said in a statement he was "deeply shocked and disappointed" by the verdict. " I don\'t know where they are taking him or what will happen now. Our nightmare has gotten even worse," Tejada said. The UAE government has not responded to a CNN request for comment. His mental and physical health seriously deteriorated. CNN\'s Bianca Britton wrote this story from London.: Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!" The focus of the oil market has shifted sharply in recent months. What has been the impact of sanctions on Iran? What will shape prices in the next few weeks? There is little doubt that the Saudis can make cuts of this scale. Follow Stanley Reed on Twitter: @stanleyreed12 Credit: STANLEY REED; Clifford Krauss contributed reporting. Photograph Oil production in North Dakota. Large corporations are producing giant profits. But those numbers haven\'t satisfied the markets. The past five years, although entirely welcome from an investment standpoint, is clearly unsustainable."', '2018-11-22': "BMW has obtained a licence to provide ride-hailing services in Chengdu, the capital city of south-west China’s Sichuan province, making them the first foreign carmaker to do so in China. @ But on Sunday, for the first time in its 29-year history, the group failed to agree on a joint communiqué. There isn't a lone caution on the horizon that can be identified and monitored and that policymakers can respond to. General Motors and Ford bonds were cut to junk status in 2005. But the overall economy kept humming along. ( It was a recession rooted in other sectors, three years later, that dragged American automakers toward bankruptcy.) Here’s a in depth look at the transformation of a neighborhood. Other digital tokens have fallen even more sharply in value. But how scarce do those 21 million Bitcoins seem if there are also 21 million tokens of each new copycat? Bitcoin was supposed to make it easier to send payments instantly over international borders. Some countries are already experimenting with this.) AuthorAffiliation Follow Nathaniel Popper on Twitter: @nathanielpopper. A.P. Photograph (PHOTOGRAPH BY NICOLE EVATT/ASSOCIATED PRESS) CHART", '2018-11-23': 'Arrest of Chief Bares Stress In a Marriage of Carmakers : The arrest of Carlos Ghosn hit Nissan, Renault and Mitsubishi as they confront a global slowdown, a trade war and a major shift in technology. Measures of consumer confidence are near post-recession highs. " Americans are feeling even better this year. A lot of the shopping is already baked in." The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant. Photograph Above, Walmart shoppers in Houston. PHOTOGRAPHS BY DAVID J. PHILLIP/ASSOCIATED PRESS; MICHAEL HOLAHAN/THE AUGUSTA CHRONICLE, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS)Retailer Takes Chill Off Cold, And Off Tariffs : Columbia Sportswear has worked around tariffs for decades — and it says the president’s new wave of levies will not bring jobs back to America. We will disrupt all efforts to damage our close ties with China." The special economic zone held the remainder. But its higher profile also drew it into the orbit of powerful people and guaranteed closer scrutiny. A bigger potential obstacle is regulation. That means more than just extra cash for the shareholders. Assange was seen for the first time in months when he appeared via video link at a hearing last month.', '2018-11-24': 'Coal Endangers  A Planet Unable  To Stop Using It : Coal, the most polluting of energy sources, shows no sign of disappearing three years after the Paris agreement, when world leaders promised decisive action against global warming. Now the Security Council has signed off on a joint study of the idea. I have just told the head of state, the King, that Spain has reached an agreement over Gibraltar," Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez told reporters in Madrid. Read MoreGibraltar, a rocky outcrop that adjoins the southern coast of Spain, voted overwhelmingly to remain in the EU. Brussels has got us exactly where they want us -- a satellite state," he said. Energy companies led the market slide as the price of U.S. crude oil tumbled to its lowest level in more than a year. " You have that, and then you have the recent sell-off in tech and in retail, and then throw on there trade tensions and rising rates." Losses in tech and internet companies and banks outweighed gains in health care and household goods stocks. The last time the index entered a correction was in February. The slide in oil prices weighed on energy stocks. Other retailers put investors in a selling mood. The dollar fell to 112.88 yen from 112.97 yen late Thursday. PHOTOGRAPH BY JAE C. HONG/ASSOCIATED PRESS) CHART: The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (', '2018-11-25': ': It was the country that should have failed -- at least if you listened to the experts in the West. Experts were wrong about something else, too. China\'s citizens enjoy prosperity but have not won the political freedoms that were supposed to come with it. A special report by The Times, called China Rules, tries to explain the unlikely success of the People\'s Republic of China, which outlasted the Soviet Union and celebrated a record 69 years of Communist rule this fall. But she still has hurdles to overcome at home. Police have not identified the suspect, who is at large. Not only did they assassinate his person, but they truly assassinated his character," Crump said. I will never be able to see my son\'s face again or to look into his eyes or to hear him say, \'Mom, I love you.\' ... The agency said it would have an update Sunday afternoon. They called for the officer who shot Bradford to be arrested for murder. Hoover police also will conduct an internal investigation, Capt. Crump told reporters he was honorably discharged. And then they opened the escape-route doors, and we escaped. CNN\'s Faith Karimi, Jason Hanna, Dianne Gallagher, Barbara Starr, Michelle Krupa and Darran Simon contributed to this report. GOP Shrugs Off Bombshell Climate Report : “We know that our climate is changing.', '2018-11-26': 'Taking Charge in Mexico With a Border on Edge : As Andrés Manuel López Obrador takes office on Saturday, he must balance his humanitarian promises with a hope for good relations with the United States. But nine more Democrats said they would not support her without rule changes. Is Klobuchar Too ‘Minnesota Nice’ for Democrats in 2020? : Now she is weighing whether her home state appeal can translate nationally. This has forced producers to buy uranium in the spot market to fulfil long-term sales contracts. Investors seem to worship only one God, and that is ‘future earnings growth.’ Investors have withdrawn more than $1tn from UK-focused equity funds since the EU referendum in 2016 as concerns mount about the damaging impact of Brexit on Britain’s corporate sector. @ The most they are likely to offer is tactical concessions.” An import expo in Shanghai this month presented China as a large and willing buyer. How did you go bankrupt, asks a character in the Hemingway novel The Sun Also Rises. Two ways, comes the reply: “Gradually, and then suddenly.” Gradually and suddenly is the story of Brexit. It may well turn out to be something worse than bankruptcy. @ The National Health Service warns it could run out of drugs. Aircraft may be grounded, bank trading rooms shut down. Supermarkets say their shelves would empty within days. Across the road at Westminster, politics seems oblivious. Britain, they say, has stood alone before.', '2018-11-27': 'Study Finds the Inflow Of Illegal Immigrants Has Steadily Declined : The number of undocumented immigrants in the United States has dropped to 10.7 million in 2016, from a peak of 12.2 million in 2007, according to Pew Research. Yet several of these crises contain their own hidden opportunities. No European country is better understood in Brussels than Britain. Tax cuts pushed up the market, at least until the winds shifted last week. Overbroad export controls will undermine US national security by disrupting the . . . innovation that is essential to economic prosperity.”: Major indexes in the United States, Europe and Asia all climbed. It is not clear whether Parliament will approve the deal. Any kind of statement that there will be a formal trade negotiation round following that meeting would be viewed as positive." That sent interest rates higher, which helped banks. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Microsoft’s stock, meanwhile, is up 1 percent. A fifth plant in Canada will also be closed. @ And that is why I don\'t want anybody to think that it\'s a trifle. Nikki Haley during a United Nations Security Council meeting on Ukraine on Monday in New York. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres\' spokesman issued a statement saying Guterres is "greatly concerned." " CNN\'s Nathan Hodge, Mick Krever, Stephanie Halasz and Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this storyTrump\'s Brexit comments aren\'t necessarily wrong, but they', '2018-11-28': "Warning of Cascading Health Risks  From the Rapidly Changing Climate : Global warming is posing immediate health hazards around the world and in the United States, from kidney disease to dengue fever, two new studies say. We can’t find much change in their approach,” Mr Kudlow told reporters. “ US stocks vacillated as the latest US-China trade rhetoric weighed on sectors exposed to the outlook for global growth, while defensive stocks drew buyers. @ Fossil fuels have driven rising prosperity for more than 200 years and today provide 80 per cent of human energy needs. But carbon dioxide emissions from their use threaten potentially catastrophic climate change. But it would be undoubtedly technically possible at very small economic cost, as a report from the Energy Transitions Commission makes clear. Total generation would have to rise from 20,000 terawatt hours to up to 100,000 twh. She added the rainfall was expected to clear up overnight. The rising waters and pelting rain caused chaos on the city's roads with dozens of accidents in just six hours, which left one person dead according to NSW Ambulance Services. New South Wales wasn't the only Australian state experiencing extreme weather on Tuesday.", '2018-11-29': 'A Myth : Many people looking to retire assume that they can spend 4 percent of their savings each year and that expenses will stay stable. GOP Rep. Thomas Massie Tries To Criticize Free Health Care, Stumbles On Good Idea Instead : "How long until someone runs on the platform of #FoodStampsForAll?" Analysts quickly warned that investors were overreacting. The auto sales cycle has peaked, and the housing cycle also has peaked." There\'s a certain amount of pessimism I\'m reading about. They\'re making a mistake because I have a gut, and my gut tells me more sometimes than anybody else\'s brain can ever tell me." Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Credit: BINYAMIN APPELBAUM; Matt Phillips contributed reporting.: The Nasdaq composite rose 208.89 points, or 2.9 percent, to 7,291.59. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Source: Refinitiv); New-Home Sales: Annual pace of new private homes sold during the month, seasonally adjusted. ( Just ask eastern European countries such as Poland and Hungary. The views expressed here are solely the author\'s. This area is known to the Gwich\'in as "Iizhik Gwats\'an Gwandaii Goodlit" (The Sacred Place Where Life Begins). The Gwich\'in have lived in Alaska for thousands of years. All we are asking for is to keep our identity as Gwich\'in. For more opinion...Sign up for our new newsletter.', '2018-11-30': 'Emerging market hedge funds are on track for their worst annual performance since 2011 according to Hedge Fund Research, which tracks activity in the sector. @ We continue to expect more reserve requirement ratio cuts to come next year, with the earliest one in January 2019,” the analysts noted. @ @ Stocks in the United States finished lower Thursday after an afternoon rally faded away. The Federal Reserve released minutes from its meeting in early November. The market wants to see ... that they are going to be gradual." It finished at a six-month low on Friday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( But lower prices will have a more ambiguous impact now. Hundreds of smaller drillers went bankrupt, putting pressure on banks and investors. That decision set off a three-year slump in prices. " I was making a profit this year for the first time in four years, and now it doesn\'t look like it will end up that way toward the end of the year." The global price of oil is about $60 a barrel.) " But I personally think we are going to a range of between $65 and $75." But oil prices rarely settle at such temperate levels for long.', '2018-12-01': 'As the Global Economy Cools, Millions Are Still Short of a Full Recovery : Less than a year ago, every major economy was expanding at once. Now, the slowdown holds the potential to intensify the sense of grievance roiling many societies. America needs a sober debate about the pros and cons of Crispr instead of a paranoid ban on the technology. And he did tremendous good along the journey. " Paris demonstrations could put Macron\'s future in jeopardyThe spokesman told CNN at least 92 people had been injured, including 14 police officers, after protesters with the "gilets jaune" or "yellow vest" movement took to the streets to demonstrate against rising gas prices and taxes on polluting forms of transport. Read MoreWow it just got scary real quick. Other videos captured burning cars and police firing tear gas to disperse protesters. Many protesters are angry with Macron for extending the environmental policies that were first implemented by former President François Hollande. Those responsible will be identified and taken to court, he added. CNN\'s Saskya Vandoorne reported from Paris, while Dakin Andone reported and wrote this story in Atlanta.', '2018-12-02': ': LONDON -- Only a few months ago, the world\'s fortunes appeared increasingly robust. Many nations are mired in stagnation or sliding that way. Germany and Japan have both contracted in recent months. Inequality is going to become even more pronounced." We see a lost generation," said Swati Dhingra, an economist at the London School of Economics. " There was already wage stagnation and productivity stagnation. The trade war has exacerbated all of that." Uncertainty over the future has postponed some business. " It staggers to the end of the runway and starts to take off but never really soars." The same can be said for the global economy. PHOTOGRAPHS BY AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES; IVAN PISARENKO/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES; SAMUEL ARANDA FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)Comey Reaches Deal With the G.O.P. to Testify Behind Closed Doors : A compromise announced on Sunday would allow him to speak publicly about his testimony and for a transcript to be released in 24 hours, he said. The temporary ceasefire was reached after a working dinner involving the two presidents and their top advisers in Argentina, following the end of the G20 world leaders summit on Saturday. LONDON -- Only a few months ago, the world\'s fortunes appeared increasingly robust.', '2018-12-03': 'Paris protests: Macron seeks way to defuse \'yellow vest\' demonstrations - CNN : Paris protests: Macron seeks way to defuse \'yellow vest\' demonstrations :  (CNN)French President Emmanuel Macron has asked Prime Minister Edouard Philippe to meet with heads of political parties and representatives of the so-called "yellow vests" in an attempt to defuse tensions that erupted into violent protests over the weekend. Hide Caption 15 of 39 Photos: In photos: Protests in FrancePolice use tear gas on protesters at the Place de l\'Opera in Paris on December 15.Hide Caption 16 of 39 Photos: In photos: Protests in FranceA protester waves the French national flag during a demonstration on the Champs-Élysées in Paris on December 15.Hide Caption 17 of 39 Photos: In photos: Protests in FranceFrench police apprehend a man on December 8 during a protest in Paris. Workers clean grafitti off the Arc de Triomphe. Alaskans proud of their resilience in the face of a surfeit of natural disasters applauded. Court Order Blocks Leader From Office In Sri Lanka : The Court of Appeal issued an order preventing Mr. Rajapaksa from governing for now, the latest twist in the political crisis that has paralyzed the country. At this point, a narrow loss may seem like a win. CNN\'s Lindsay Isaac contributed to this story. Therefore, China will be the swing economy. @ Or the evening at the 19th-century Colón opera house. Mi Gobierno seguirá impulsando un proyecto regenerador y europeísta para España. "', '2018-12-04': 'Not for the first time since Donald Trump was elected to the White House, his administration has declared that jaw-jaw with China is better than war-war as far as trade conflict is concerned. Anything that leads to a peaceful resolution is welcome. @ But a great deal of scepticism is required that a back-of-the-envelope deal — whose meaning the two sides are already disputing — is likely to bridge such a huge gap. Daimler’s earnings might get a 4 per cent boost. These can’t be soft commitments from China. In four years, he left a greater legacy than most presidents achieve over two terms. @ Bush told secretary of state James Baker that he wanted to meet Mr Gorbachev. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. But it had somehow avoided paying much tax in Tanzania. The vessels are stopped by the Russian side, they are still inspecting, but traffic has been partly restored." Ukrainian soldier patrols aboard military boat called "Dondass" moored in Mariupol, Sea of Azov port on November 27, 2018. Donald Trump’s top economic adviser has raised hopes', '2018-12-05': 'Putin Vows to ‘React Accordingly’ if U.S. Quits Nuclear Pact : A day after Washington gave the Kremlin 60 days to comply with a longstanding weapons pact, President Vladimir V. Putin’s remarks raised fears of a new nuclear arms race. All week we have heard from Government ministers that releasing this information could harm the national interest. CNN\'s Kieron Mirchandani and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report. And yet, Tuesday evening\'s events may have changed those assumptions. China might have grown faster because it reformed more rapidly or it might have grown more slowly because of reduced subsidies or more foreign competition. Can the US hold China down without inviting conflict? @ These are very hard questions without obvious answers. We can hope but should not hold our breath. @ A widely followed bond market indicator pointed to a looming economic slowdown. That business — now known as Refinitiv — made up more than half of the company\'s sales. Utah\'s Hate Crime Law Is \'Unenforceable.\' A Brutal Attack In Salt Lake City Could Change That. : But trade wasn\'t the only issue on Tuesday. Investors are worried about the economy," Mr. Watts said. " If they want any advice they are always welcome to call. We believe it is in everyone\'s interest to do that." We have lots of islands and lots of Danes living on islands.', '2018-12-06': 'Markets Rattled by Global Economic Uncertainty : A stock rout that started in Asia, extended to Europe and rattled Wall Street early in the day reversed course before the close of trading. They drive the prosperity upon which the Communist party’s legitimacy rests. Such concerns have obliged Mr Xi into some uncharacteristic manoeuvres. Other senior officials have voiced similar phrases. Now many Icelanders want the politicians to resign. There are, he says, "no controls" and it is cheaper. But his efforts so far have been unsuccessful. But the motor\'s blade got caught in the sand and he had to run from the police who had followed him onto the beach. There are the ships, the cold, the current. It is dark and they don\'t know where they are. It seems a miracle that any of the dinghies make it across. Of 2,500 requests by Iranians in 2017, more than 1,000 were successful. Initially, equity markets rebounded sharply. @ Shipping executives, too, could use some good news given the threat to trade flows. A push to cut carbon emissions is another factor. As I look into next year, most expectations for further gains have been pared back. The dollar steadied on Wednesday after it took a hard hit in', '2018-12-07': 'Fielding Complaints About a Colleague : A sales representative worries that a peer’s performance could hurt the company, but going behind her back could seem selfish. Here’s how to do what’s right for everyone. I\'m going to be listening to that conference call. " The company\'s putting up some excellent numbers in China, too. Ciena: Telecommunications equipment maker Ciena reports earnings on Thursday. Still, he was eager to hear the retailer\'s insight on e-commerce and competition in the food segment. I don\'t see how they can top that number. " The growing debt burden is particularly onerous in Africa. It will curtail already depressed growth. Concern over the implications for the global economy were reflected in market jitters on Thursday, when stocks worldwide extended their recent decline. @ This is a very different environment from where we were this time last year." PHOTOGRAPH BY SPENCER PLATT/GETTY IMAGES)Security experts worry about back doors. That is stopping Huawei getting through the front ones. All the allegations are vigorously rejected by Huawei. Excluding it might increase costs for consumers. The investments can be made in gilts, government bonds, or UK companies. About 1,000 such visas were issued in 2017. @ Stephen Colbert Brilliantly Deciphers Donald Trump’s Approval Rating Boasts : "The Late Show" host said Trump was "not even trying that hard anymore. " And uncertainty ultimately is what kills all deals.” @ Price cuts, sweeteners and pop-up yoga classes. But that is not the only source of criticism.', '2018-12-08': ': MILWAUKEE -- At Western Building Products\' banana-shaped factory on the lip of the Menomonee River outside Milwaukee, the company\'s president, Mark Willey, is wrangling with a stubborn problem: not enough workers. " Our problem today is just finding people who want to work." Some we even hire while they\'re still in." The result has been growing dissatisfaction and resentment. Mr. Willey pointed to the aluminum sills that run along the bottom of doors, and the steel hinges bolted onto the sides. Last month\'s figures will be revised twice. PHOTOGRAPHS BY LAUREN JUSTICE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B3) CHARTS: CHART (B1); The Labor Picture in November (Source: Bureau of Labor Statisics) (B3): After another week of exceptional volatility on Wall Street that has pummeled stock portfolios, there are two closely related questions worth asking. First, why is this happening when the economy is so strong? Passengers loved Uber\'s convenience and embraced it in cities such as San Francisco, New York and London. Those were very important issues to deal with and to resolve, and I think we resolved them quite effectively in a positive way." Credit: MIKE ISAAC, KATE CONGER and ERIN GRIFFITH; Mike Isaac and Erin Griffith reported from San Francisco and Kate Conger from Vancouver, British Columbia. Shares of these companies fared particularly poorly on Friday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2018-12-09': 'Rounding Up Loot From Fugitive’s Buying Spree : The government is trying to recoup the many assets of Jho Low, a Malaysian financier at the center of an international fraud case who had very expensive tastes. Many people heeded warnings to stay off slick roads, but there were still hundreds of accidents. Across the country, 135 people were reported wounded. A demonstrator wearing a yellow vest is covered in blood after being injured during a protest in Paris on Saturday. If the president is incapacitated to carry that message? And if Macron fails the future of France risks looking like the presidency of Italy today. CNN\'s Saskya Vandoorne reported from Paris. If you want Brexit, make sure you get it, and that\'s about this deal," she said. We had a people\'s vote, let\'s deliver on the first people\'s vote." How long this will last and where it is heading next are impossible to know now. That means, on average, a house that sold for, say, $200,000 in 2012 would bring over $300,000 in September. That is a substantial increase in less than seven years. The term "flipping houses" became popular then. Another explanation is simple economic growth. But that explanation does not cut it either. And likewise buyers will not feel they are paying too much if they accept the convention. AuthorAffiliation Robert J. Shiller is Sterling Professor of Economics at Yale. Illustration DRAWING (DRAWING BY BYRON EGGENSCHWILER)', '2018-12-10': 'How Much Could a Malaysia Investment Scandal Cost Goldman? : Griffith stood quietly behind a lectern during Monday\'s demonstration. " But since President Donald Trump took office, the picture has been far different. They should be saying, \'we\'re terrified by this, and we\'re being spurred into action.\' "" The report speaks for itself," he said. " It\'s too costly compared to wind and solar and gas. " People I talk to say this is our last chance. Her own story has been used as a source of inspiration. Thunberg started a school walkout campaign for climate action. CNN\'s Gül Tüysüz contributed to this report. This delay will further aggravate the uncertainty for people & businesses. Just keep in mind that we will never let the Irish down. When violence breaks out, freedom is lost. He said he assumed his responsibility for that. Because the impact on growth is so significant." We would say probably to the greatest extent that we\'ve seen in our investing lifetime." The United States has so far been an outlier.', '2018-12-11': 'The Huawei executive whose arrest in Canada has touched off a political storm between the US and China is facing a third day in court, after her lawyers failed to secure bail for her on Monday. @ Each fraud count carries a maximum penalty of 30 years in prison. But the awful truth, even this late in the game, is that no one knows -- even the people in charge. Read MoreThis partly stems from the current reality of British politics. It doesn\'t take a genius to work out the problem here. The People\'s Vote is backed by people across the political spectrum. It might be funny if it wasn\'t so terrifying. This article has been updated to correct the number of weeks until Brexit. She will also visit Irish Premier Leo Varadkar in Dublin on Wednesday. Businesses have warned it could lead to food shortages, grounded flights and a prolonged economic slump. CNN\'s Atika Shubert reported from Berlin.: Usually, going forward, they don\'t really add up or amount to much." Read more about Wall Street\'s remarkable turn.] This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( But European leaders have said they will not renegotiate. Yet the prize for doing so is potentially huge. The Intermediate People’s Court in Fuzhou, China, has granted a preliminary', '2018-12-12': 'Pelosi Accepts Limit on Her Tenure as Speaker : The agreement, which if adopted by House Democrats would also bind the party’s other two top leaders, almost certainly clears the way for Nancy Pelosi to be elected speaker next month. Read MoreMay will travel to Brussels on Thursday for a meeting of European leaders. Opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn said, "Her government is in chaos." The problem for May now, however, is that this result does not make the reality of her situation any more palatable. Waymo chief John Krafcik says the service will, “make the roads safer and easier for everyone to navigate”. @ Unfamiliar left-hand turns would be an example. The answers provided in the analysis that accompanies the strategy statement are bold. The tariff cut was first reported by the Wall Street Journal. People already have warmed the climate 1 degree since the Industrial Revolution. The negotiations are expected to continue through Friday or likely beyond. " Get CNN Health\'s weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team. " CNN\'s Mark Tutton and Gül Tüysüz contributed to this report. Mr Macron is indeed an impressive figure.', '2018-12-13': 'Yemen’s Warring Sides Agree to Truce in Port City Crucial to Humanitarian Aid : In the biggest step toward peace in years, the Saudi-led coalition and Houthi rebels have agreed to leave the port city, a major conduit for humanitarian aid. And it starts with putting one of America’s best-known dolls on the big screen. Global leaders had some difficult talks at the recent G20 summit in Buenos Aires. Monetary policy rates remain low, sometimes even at zero. They unveiled on Thursday a 450 kW charging station that needs only three minutes to provide enough juice for a 100 kilometer (62 miles) drive. " Foreign investors have for years consistently increased their holdings of Japanese government debt. History promises that higher prices will return. We have not been able to make contact with him since he let us know about this. The council attributed its information to “sources in the marketplace.” @ The business corporation is among the most remarkable of all human innovations. Corporations are warring armies battling for supremacy in markets. That period saw Islamic extremist Salman Abedi detonate a device in the lobby of an Ariana Grande concert, a van being driven into pedestrians in London Bridge and Darren Osborne plow his vehicle into a crowded sidewalk outside Finsbury Park Mosque in London. It is about \'someone else is different and you need to join my gang.', '2018-12-14': ': Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power brokers who shape them. __________ It\'s that they just began selling much earlier. China sells a lot more to the United States than it purchases. A similar shift in sentiment was experienced across emerging-market stocks. We will have to wait to see if that is the case with trade. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. How did we get to this point?Do Gag Orders Protect Rights or Curtail Them? : Workers get three-month unpaid vacations. You won’t get rich, but you won’t need to either. He denies the allegation, was released without charge and has returned to China. @ It hails not from Silicon Valley but the US east coast. @ At first sight, the move may look premature. The move to end the nearly four-year effort was expected. The central bank\'s governing council affirmed the decision at a meeting on Thursday. This may suggest some slower growth momentum ahead." The eurozone is not a government and does not issue bonds. But he acknowledged that its benefits were not spread evenly. "', '2018-12-15': ": Investors were confronted on Friday with more evidence that the trade war between the United States and China is weighing on economic growth, and stocks fell to their deepest decline of the week. All three of these indexes are more than 10 percent below their recent peaks. Weak data on industrial output and retail sales in China kicked off the global market downturn Friday. But the sell-off in health care stocks was even worse. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. AuthorAffiliation Amie Tsang contributed reporting. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( But video from the event shows a confrontation that turned chaotic. Four of those swings were greater than 4 percent. This year's increase in volatility isn't necessarily unusual. STEPHEN GROCER AUTOMOBILES GM Saves Jobs for Workers to Be Laid Off General Motors' plans to lay off 14,000 salaried and blue-collar workers might not be as bad as originally projected. Some would have to move to other cities for jobs. Photograph (PHOTOGRAPH BY PAUL SANCYA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)", '2018-12-16': 'The administration has sometimes made misleading statements to garner support for its plan on what it has accurately identified as a problem for many Americans. For the first time in decades, every major type of investment has fared poorly, as the outlook for economic growth and corporate profits is dampened by rising trade tensions and interest rates. There\'s scant evidence that the worst-case scenario will play out. A similar move took place in risky corporate bonds. Read more: The stock market has wiped out its 2018 gains. There have been several moments like this in the last decade.] " In a typical year there\'s going to be some winners and losers," said Ed Clissold, chief United States strategist at the equity market research firm Ned Davis Research. " It\'s very rare that you get nothing working." His firm recently looked at eight types of investments going back to 1972. In every year, at least one of these categories generated a return of 5 percent or more. Now the opposite appears to be unfolding, as the Fed pulls back. The experience of 2015 could be a useful road map for investors. That\'s all to say, investors can be quick to jump to conclusions. But they\'re going to skip five chapters to see how the book ends. " NY Times Slashes Ryan Zinke As \'Not The Sharpest Knife In The Drawer\' : Editorial dings Interior secretary as another "cheerleader" for the president\'s "boneheaded" energy strategy.', '2018-12-17': 'Canada’s ambassador to China was granted access to Michael Spavor on Sunday, one of two Canadians detained last week by Beijing for alleged “activities harmful to national security”. @ I would think from a Chinese perspective, the last message they would want to send right now is that [foreigners] are not welcome for business, for engagement,” Mr Malley said. This week, Beijing handed President Donald Trump a small victory. Very productive conversations going on with China!” It makes for good “Make America Great Again” rhetoric. It resolved to bolster the international presence of its own. @ “ Authorities have cut taxes on gains from some types of bond. @ Yet returns are by no means the only factor. The JPMorgan Government Bond Index: Emerging Markets and the Citi World Government Bond indices are expected to follow. For central banks, another force has been at work. Theresa May accused of leading the UK into a \'national crisis\'  - CNN :  Theresa May accused of leading the UK into a \'national crisis\' as she sets date for vote on her Brexit plan :  (CNN)British Prime Minister Theresa May was accused of leading the UK into a "national crisis" on Monday as she ignored pleas to abandon her widely-criticized Brexit plan. He added that May had been the architect of leading the UK into a "national crisis. But expressing our personal views is not what we are here to do. The challenge failed, but left her weakened politically.', '2018-12-18': 'China cut its holdings of US Treasuries in October for a fifth consecutive month amid a broader, declining foreign demand for US government debt as a strong dollar puts pressure on reserve managers. @ Mr Solih stunned political observers in September when he defeated Abdulla Yameen, who as Maldives’ president had grown increasingly hostile to India and forged closer ties with China. Asian markets followed Wall Street\'s drop. Still, futures contracts tracking Wall Street suggested that it could open higher on Tuesday morning. Everywhere, every market is telling you the same thing." The pain on Monday was not limited to stocks. Credit: MATT PHILLIPS; Carlos Tejada contributed to this report. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( The trade war affects confidence in both countries. ” Pictures from the scene showed people bringing the demonstrators hot tea, food and even warm socks. State media is making no mention of their presence or demands. People protesting outside parliament on December 16. " Nobody deserves an economic downturn more than US president Donald Trump. There would be poetic justice in such an outcome. Depending on what you want to see, the numbers could point either way. But they are cheap for a very good reason.', '2018-12-19': 'There have been many unfulfilled expectations and disappointments in the energy market during 2018. At the beginning of the year I listed four issues for readers to watch. @ • Whether you’ve got a savings account or a credit card (or both), here’s what you need to know. Another recalls being in the judge’s courtroom. But 2019 is likely to pose greater challenges.: China quickly arrested two Canadians, apparently in retaliation. Today, many policy goals in China are in tension with one another. If those messages were embedded in the speech," he added, "they appear to have been well concealed." Credit: CHRIS BUCKLEY and STEVEN LEE MYERS; Albee Zhang contributed research from Beijing, and Ailin Tang from Shanghai. The result has been a drop not only in stocks, but also risky corporate bonds and commodities. [ The Dow Jones industrial average and Nasdaq composite fared better. I know it\'s the Christmas season and the pantomime season. It is reasonable to expect the House to do the same.: They don\'t think that\'s going to crush the economy." Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. Ask them about the bond market and you\'ll most likely get a blank stare. There\'s the government, and then there\'s everyone else. Riskier borrowers typically have larger spreads. Can corporate American handle a downturn? What would eventually be known as the Great Recession began in December of that year.', '2018-12-20': ': WASHINGTON -- The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark interest rate on Wednesday and signaled that it expects additional rate increases next year in a display of measured confidence in the economy that came despite financial market worries and political pressure to suspend rate increases. The S&P 500 was down 1.5 percent on the day and is now down 6 percent on the year. [ Here\'s what a rate increase means for your wallet.] The Fed\'s announcement offered a few crumbs for critics. If the economy weakens, the Fed will raise rates more slowly, or stand still. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. Medicinal and pharmaceutical products are third largest. Read MoreA police helicopter flies over the runway at Gatwick airport. He told CNN they had received "no information from the airport -- any information I have managed to get has been from social media. " Stranded passengers sleeping on the floor. This is a great bi-partisan achievement for everybody. An improvement in automotive services revenue was among the factors helping the bottom line. For now, the partnership is limited to Canada. Pier 1 Imports — Chief Executive Officer Alasdair James has resigned. Even if we get half, that\'s half the wall. He is surprised by the amount of money he\'s been able to raise, he wrote. He woke up two weeks later in Ward 57 of Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Everything looked like it went through a meat grinder," Kolfage said.', '2018-12-21': 'Tencent shares jumped on Friday after the Chinese government signalled the lifting of a nine month-long block on the release of new online games, in a reprieve for China\'s social media and gaming giant. @ How can a drone bring an airport to a standstill? More than 160 flights were canceled Friday. That option was previously put aside over concerns for stray bullets. " The issue is whether or not, in relation to the threat that is posed, it\'s proportionate. CNN\'s Anna Stewart, Sheena McKenzie, Milena Veselinovic, Sebastian Shukla and Warda Al-Jawahiry contributed to this report. But what if economists were not wrong, just premature? It hit 4.2 per cent in the second quarter and 3.5 per cent in the third. We are reverting back to historical norms. Mr Slater argued that “convergence is not something that happens by magic. The company\'s Chinese nickname translates as "Little Yellow Bike.") An Ofo spokesman did not respond to requests for comment. Mr. Dai founded Ofo in 2014 while studying at Peking University. But it did not take long for the fever to become madness. Financial pressure started building as well. So many similar companies fighting against one another." The global economy does appear to be slowing. But for financial markets, the books are already closed on 2018. Mr Mattis opposed withdrawing from Syria. @ “ Some survived the lame-duck session; many did not.', '2018-12-22': 'Gatwick Airport: Two people arrested in connection with drone incidents - CNN : Two people arrested in connection with Gatwick drone incidents : Gatwick Airport (CNN)Two people were arrested late Friday as part of an ongoing investigation into the "criminal use of drones which has severely disrupted flights in and out of Gatwick Airport" at the peak of the holiday travel season. Sussex Police Superintendent James Collis said the investigation was not over. " Police said the drone or drones being used were of "industrial specification." CNN\'s Nada Bashir and Anna Stewart reported from Gatwick and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London.: When it comes to the stock market, America\'s technology giants have become a harbinger of more pain to come. Companies thinking of issuing public stock for the first time may hold off. Typically when that happens, the boat tips over." The Fed expects economic growth to continue next year. But there was a marked difference in emphasis. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. He\'s having difficulty handling the situation. We\'ve always known these tensions were there, but now we\'re actually seeing it in a very visceral way." Republicans, independents -- the economy is important to everybody." Comfortable is not a word I would describe the situation today."', '2018-12-23': "Forget slipping into a nice, quiet Christmas break -- this holiday season has been anything but serene. Still, keeping up with the news shouldn't infringe on an important date with a bûche de Noël. If you like what you're reading and haven't already subscribed, click here to sign up -- and then forward to a friend, since we're in the giving mood. ______ Poking the Bear (Market) The Fed raised interest rates on Wednesday. Just Keep Shopping The bargain-hunters will be busy this week. 1), which make mortgages -- and therefore home-buying -- less attractive. Some members have even expressed a willingness to invite China to join. If you still haven't made charitable donations for 2018, don't fret. On that note, self-driving cars may be too scary to ride in -- but what if they delivered groceries instead? Illustration DRAWINGS (DRAWINGS BY GIACOMO BAGNARA)Arrests Force Reckoning For Far-Right Proud Boys : The group has been widely condemned as a hate group. Its founder, Gavin McInnes, has quit, after 10 of his followers were charged in an attack in New York.", '2018-12-24': 'Ghosn Storm Puts Renault In a Squeeze With Allies : The French carmaker has avoided condemning Mr. Ghosn, its chief executive. But these state-controlled “guidance funds” have failed to spend much of the promised money and overlapping investment strategies may result in overcapacity in some technology sectors, according to a report. @ “ The defence secretary valued US allies and was firm with foes. Most of the minors there had fled violence and poverty in Central America. But his repressive response has sent thousands into hiding and tightened his hold on power. No-deal Brexit: What does it mean for the UK and the world? - Indeed, there is not even agreement on what "no deal" means. It still has plans to put 3,500 troops on standby. One consequence of this would be the imposition of tariffs. But it also has implications for British drugs sold in Britain. But formalizing this cannot happen overnight. Food exports Agriculture is particularly vulnerable. " Britain\'s services industry accounts for the bulk of its economy. This would be disastrous for many of those concerned. They could lose the right to reside, to work or to access essential services. This leaves the UK in a difficult position. James Griffiths and Ivana Kottasová contributed reporting.', '2018-12-25': 'MSNBC Trolls Rudy Giuliani With \'Most Outrageous Diversion\' From Mueller Probe Award : Two of the three contenders were President Donald Trump himself. Wall Street extended its losses on Monday as President Trump continued to lash out at the Federal Reserve, and an unusual weekend statement about the health of America\'s financial system by Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, unnerved investors rather than calmed them. Read more about what Mr. Trump has said to aides about Mr. Powell.] Washington officials typically make such assurances only at times of financial crisis. On Friday, the tech-heavy Nasdaq entered bear-market territory. Surveys show rising pessimism among top corporate executives. It was the kind of disclosure that risked causing more damage than it was intended to prevent. For example, the two-year Treasury bond yielded 2.56 percent at Monday\'s close. Divided government could lead to paralysis. It was a key moment in ending the 2008 crisis. Given geopolitical developments since, it is hard to imagine that harmony happening today. The question is which will prove more important, the economic fundamentals or leadership. Please respect the Fed\'s independence, Mr. President." She has yet to determine whether that could pass legal muster. You run the risk of planting the seeds of doubt in people\'s minds." Credit: ALAN RAPPEPORT; Emily Flitter contributed reporting. Photograph Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin this month.', '2018-12-26': ': For anyone closely watching the financial markets, the calm of Christmas on Tuesday was infused with anxiety. Messages from the White House over the long holiday weekend kept investors on edge. They don\'t have a feel for the Market, they don\'t understand necessary Trade Wars or Strong Dollars or even Democrat Shutdowns over Borders." Asked about Mr. Powell, he told reporters, "Well, we\'ll see. I think it\'s a tremendous opportunity to buy," he said. " It feels like it\'s never-ending right now." We\'ve been following what companies have been telling us over the last few weeks and generally what they\'ve been saying has been pretty good," Mr. Lip said. PHOTOGRAPHS BY FRANCK ROBICHON/EPA, VIA SHUTTERSTOCK; CRAIG RUTTLE/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (B3)Defying Global Ban, Japan Is to Resume Whaling and Drop ‘Research’ Pretense : The country says it will stop its annual hunts in the Antarctic — purportedly carried out for research purposes — and restrict its whalers to Japanese waters. In Big Bounce, Stocks Escape Bear Territory : Shares had their best day since 2009, but the S&P 500 is only back to where it stood on Dec. 20, and still on pace for its worst annual performance since the financial crisis a decade ago. A person close to the bank said on Wednesday that BoC was now stepping up preparations for the sale. It marks the worst Christmas Eve trading day on record. @', '2018-12-27': 'Profits fell at Chinese industrial companies for the first time in nearly three years last month, in the latest sign of an economic slowdown from weak consumption and flagging infrastructure investment. @ But to some traders, the move upward finally made sense. " Tech investors have had plenty of causes for concern. Higher interest rates on bonds or even savings accounts make stock investments less appealing as an alternative. They do not realize how long and by how much they\'ve tightened already, and until they back off the market\'s going to have a very weak floor under it." Credit: EMILY FLITTER; Matthew Goldstein and Alexandra Stevenson contributed reporting. PHOTOGRAPH BY RICHARD DREW/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A14) CHARTS: The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday (Source: Refinitiv); 5-Year Treasury Notes: High yields at auction (Source: Treasury Department) (A14)The depressing reality about climate change is that we could solve the problem, at manageable cost, but are failing to do so. This failure is due to a mixture of blindness and self-deception. We must do better than this — and very soon. Worse, in 2017 emissions increased once again, after three years of stagnation. The Mercedes-Benz parent has large plants in the US that ship cars to China. But setting up new production sites is costly and time-consuming. But leaked documents raise serious questions about its approach.', '2018-12-28': 'Tesla Races the Clock As Tax Credit Fades : Demand for the company’s electric cars could weaken in January, when a $7,500 federal tax credit is cut in half for buyers of Tesla’s luxury models. Wall Street’s whipsaw run continued on Thursday as US shares traded sharply lower again, giving back part of the previous day’s record-breaking bounce that had cut bruising losses from a turbulent run-up to Christmas. @ The most strident critics were affiliated with Moktada al-Sadr, a nationalist Shiite cleric. Weekly jobless claims were lower, a positive sign. It\'s not just the stock market that\'s flashing warnings. Credit: EMILY FLITTER; Alexandra Stevenson and Amie Tsang contributed reporting. Photograph A factory worker in Haian, China. We are looking for more acquisition targets. He said the company was considering deals in Germany and France, but gave no details. @ At that time the company was lossmaking and heavily indebted. The rout is likely to deepen next year. “ The economic slowdown has had a serious impact on labour. But she has not had anyone come all week. “ Deeply concerning\': Why the rise in migrants crossing the English Channel? - That route has probably been sealed off, or made more difficult to pursue. "" They\'re offered a way [across] and they take it.', '2018-12-29': 'Anxieties Rise That Standoff Will Drag On : Government workers at first thought they were looking at the kind of ho-hum political brinkmanship they’ve become used to. Turkey considers the Syrian Kurds a terrorist group linked to a Kurdish insurgency inside its country. Syria\'s army said Friday it had entered Manbij for the first time in years. The US military rejected the Syrian claims. Big winners are Russia, Iran/Assad and ISIS," he tweeted. Global stock markets have been hit hard by a slowing world economy, less support from central banks and trade concerns. A brief glance backwards helps explain the challenge investors now face. This happened in the context of unusually low volatility. Many of the failures have been peer-to-peer lending platforms. I like to think that I have since mastered at least one of those skills.) @ In any case, I was miserable and useless. However, 2018 is not a “normal” time  not with Donald Trump in the White House. suggesting that Mr Powell’s job was safe. About 800,000 federal staff are either working without pay or at home on unpaid leave. @', '2018-12-30': '\'50-50 chance Brexit won\'t happen,\' says senior UK minister  - CNN : \'50-50\' chance Brexit won\'t happen, says senior UK minister : London (CNN)A senior UK government minister has warned there is a "50-50" chance Brexit won\'t happen, if Prime Minister Theresa May\'s deal is voted down in Parliament next month. The UK is scheduled to exit the bloc on March 29 next year. Liam Fox was a prominent supporter of Brexit in the runup to the 2016 referendum. If it fails, Brexit will be thrown into serious doubt, said Fox. " He called on fellow Conservative Party members to back May\'s deal, adding that failure to do so would be "incendiary." Brexit: Why is the Irish border \'backstop\' such a big deal?After postponing the vote earlier this month, May made a dash to Europe to seek further reassurances from leaders over the backstop -- and placate ministers back home. Find out more: https://t.co/S5UB9n8iFU #Brexit pic.twitter.com/HdqySqRk8M— Home Office (@ukhomeoffice) December 27, 2018  EU nationals who already have indefinite "leave to remain" visas or permanent residency need not pay a fee. They really get around these EU nationals. Data Abuses Prompt Calls For Overseer To Bare Teeth : A federal regulator is under attack for what critics say is a systemic failure to police tech giants and their vast appetite for personal data.', '2018-12-31': 'Trump Mollifies Graham on Exit From Syria : Lindsey Graham, a prominent Republican critic of President Trump’s decision to withdraw, said he felt “a lot better” about the plan after meeting with Mr. Trump. But he has not reached out to Democrats, whose votes he needs for a deal.: JURONG, China -- For Hu Peiliang, Jurong was a city of cranes, concrete and opportunity. New city blocks have been built, crosswalks and streetlights erected overnight. One development straddling several blocks called Yudong International will include 120 buildings when completed. Unwanted apartments are weighing on China\'s economy -- and, by extension, dragging down growth around the world. But any solution will have to contend with the country\'s property problems. In places like Jurong, homeowners are paying the price. Security guards barricaded the entrance to prevent protesters from storming the building to demand their money back. " Maybe the price will go back up by then," he said. That store of wealth is looking increasingly shaky. Sales in terms of gross floor area on the market have dropped sharply since September. There are 19 other projects like Center Park. Now, these partly constructed buildings have more of a ghost town feel. Above, a model apartment at the Center Park development. Harassment By Judges Must Stop, Roberts Says : In his year-end report on the state of the federal judiciary, Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. endorsed recommendations for clearer standards, easier reporting and better training.', '2019-01-01': 'Pedestrians Still in Danger, Despite Drop in Traffic Deaths : Fewer people were killed last year in vehicle crashes, a sign that Mayor Bill de Blasio’s Vision Zero plan is working. ISTANBUL -- In a prominent spot on a shelf close to his desk, Fuat Tosyali keeps a reminder of what his life was like long before he became a steel magnate and one of the richest people in Turkey, with a penthouse office outside Istanbul and a Mercedes limousine parked out front. It is a black and white photograph of a young man polishing a stovepipe. As a company, we are aware of our strength. Since the beginning of this century, poverty has fallen by half. But he understood numbers and could gauge a piece of steel\'s thickness to a fraction of a millimeter just by holding it between his fingers. Mr. Tosyali attributes the success to hard work. We are working nonstop seven days, 24 hours," he said. " Will it fall victim to economic mismanagement by Mr. Erdogan\'s increasingly repressive government? Most economists expect things to get worse before they get better. " The lira\'s decline is not all bad for steel makers. If they don\'t want to buy our products we will respect that." Three Resolutions For the New Year : Changing your approach to traveling can go a long way in making you happier and healthier in the New Year.', '2019-01-02': 'Unification Plan From China Finds Few Takers in Taiwan : President Xi Jinping of China told Taiwan that Hong Kong’s “one country, two systems” model shows unification with China works. But many in Taiwan see Hong Kong as a warning. Together, under God\'s protection, we shall bring prosperity and progress to our people." Follow Ernesto Londoño on Twitter: @londonoe. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. .@foreignoffice is rightly proud of the work the @FMUnit (forced marriages unit) does. But we shouldn\'t be charging the most vulnerable for their own protection or dissuading them from asking for it. The facts suggest one should maintain a short duration on assets across the board. @ First, there is no inflation anywhere that matters. So far, the calls have been, well, wrong. Can EM deliver a substantial absolute positive return? @ The other is the Fed possibly slowing its tightening of monetary policy. After an unexpectedly bad year for the stock market, investors are looking for clues about what 2019 will bring. Here are the factors that will help determine whether that happens this year. When borrowing costs rise too much, they can be restrictive. In the worst case, a recession could occur. Facebook is not alone in facing this concern. Photograph Traders at the New York Stock Exchange Monday, the last day of trading in 2018.', '2019-01-03': ': SAN FRANCISCO -- Apple reduced its revenue expectations for the first time in 16 years on Wednesday because of poor iPhone sales in China, an unexpected development that underscored the slowing of China\'s economy and raised fears of further turmoil in global markets. Apple is a bellwether," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody\'s Analytics. " The iPhone is something that everyone knows and buys, and if people aren\'t buying it, then that\'s a pretty good sign they\'re having a hard time." That would be a nearly 5 percent decline from the same quarter a year ago. Apple had become the first company to surpass a $1 trillion valuation in August. Its declining share price could have a ripple effect. Ms. Meng is the daughter of the company\'s founder. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jack Nicas on Twitter: @jacknicas. Unofficial cryptocurrencies are not about to displace central bank currencies. Six people were rescued, including two children. The ministry described his condition at the time as "serious." Trump Had A Hard Time With A GOP Congress. Stimulus measures have focused on boosting infrastructure spending and consumption.', '2019-01-04': 'Nipping at iPhone’s Heels : The tech giant’s recent warning about disappointing iPhone sales in China obscured the fact that it is also losing out to Chinese brands in places like France, Germany, India and Southeast Asia. The sensible response to this unnerving series of developments is to do pretty much anything else. Or just do nothing at all, like take a nap. Businesses are still expanding and adding jobs. If not then, when would you have moved money back in? Photograph Napping at a brokerage office in Beijing in October. But they have reasons to be reticent now. For many people, circumstances have changed. China does not disclose reliable unemployment data. Having a new iPhone meant its owner had made it. Chinese consumers are by no means done with certain discretionary purchases. Credit: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON, LI YUAN and RAYMOND ZHONG; Alexandra Stevenson and Li Yuan reported from Hong Kong, and Raymond Zhong from Beijing. But a closer look shows signs of strain emerging on several fronts. The company no longer reports monthly sales.) The business surveys in Europe are just as bad. That\'s driven by a large change in sentiment." When it has seeped into the survey it probably means it\'s', '2019-01-05': 'Donald Trump Makes Wild Boast About \'Great Support\' For The Border Wall : Trump bragged that there was "great support coming from all sides" for his campaign promise. The S&P 500 rose 3.4 percent, while the Nasdaq composite ended up 4.3 percent. China also took steps to bolster its economy on Friday. The Fed is confronting an increasingly uncertain economic outlook. Mr. Powell, under questioning by Neil Irwin, an economics writer at The New York Times, said that he was open to meeting with Mr. Trump, as Fed chairs have done with past presidents, but that no meeting had been scheduled. We need a lot of other policies to cooperate." Credit: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON; Cao Li contributed research. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Can you imagine," he asked, "how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?" Instead, his emphasis was on flexibility, adaptability and open-mindedness. The markets seemed to love it -- and why wouldn\'t they? Wages, which had been lagging until recently, showed impressive gains. Many manufacturers blamed rising costs related to tariffs. ( He vies for workers with big brands like Burger King. There are still Americans who do not have jobs or are not clocking as many hours as they would like. Look how right we were leading up to the financial crisis." Many also came from Guinea, Mali and Algeria. Party Tension: Can a Woman Defeat Trump? :', '2019-01-06': 'Donald Trump Makes Wild Boast About \'Great Support\' For The Border Wall : Trump bragged that there was "great support coming from all sides" for his campaign promise. The S&P 500 rose 3.4 percent, while the Nasdaq composite ended up 4.3 percent. China also took steps to bolster its economy on Friday. The Fed is confronting an increasingly uncertain economic outlook. Mr. Powell, under questioning by Neil Irwin, an economics writer at The New York Times, said that he was open to meeting with Mr. Trump, as Fed chairs have done with past presidents, but that no meeting had been scheduled. We need a lot of other policies to cooperate." Credit: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON; Cao Li contributed research. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Can you imagine," he asked, "how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?" Instead, his emphasis was on flexibility, adaptability and open-mindedness. The markets seemed to love it -- and why wouldn\'t they? Wages, which had been lagging until recently, showed impressive gains. Many manufacturers blamed rising costs related to tariffs. ( He vies for workers with big brands like Burger King. There are still Americans who do not have jobs or are not clocking as many hours as they would like. Look how right we were leading up to the financial crisis." Many also came from Guinea, Mali and Algeria. Party Tension: Can a Woman Defeat Trump? :', '2019-01-07': 'At the G20 summit in Argentina in November, it was counted as a major achievement that the assembled world leaders were able to produce a joint communiqué. If stung, ensure you see a lifeguard to be treated with ice or hot water.— It\'s nature\'s way of making sure the population never becomes extinct. " The main challenge was communicating with the probe through a relay satellite. China only sent its first astronaut into space in 2003. Ms Tsai, in a rare briefing with foreign media, said given the “worst-case scenario of China using force”, Taiwan was speeding up development of its military and signalled hope for more foreign assistance. @ “ The S&P 500 has fallen 13 per cent since the start of October. @ The plans include 3,200km of high-speed rail. @ But some economists argue that there is room for accelerated infrastructure spending. “ A year ago, Iran was exporting some 2.1m barrels of oil a day. A variation of $20 or more either way from current prices is perfectly possible. This year, he will have to go one better. It has finally been producing enough Model 3s', '2019-01-08': 'China’s most senior economic official made an unexpected appearance at crucial trade talks with the US on Monday, signalling Beijing’s eagerness to end a bruising economic battle between the two countries. @ The S&P 500 has fallen 13 per cent since October while Chinese stocks were the worst performing in the world last year. @ @ It depends on which area of regulation you are talking about. And we\'ve seen a freeze in that kind of policy at the federal level over the past few years. " CNN\'s John Sutter, Julia Jones, and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report.: This is an incredibly stressful job that requires your full attention, and if you are standing there thinking about your mortgage, or your credit card bills, or the fact that you are burning through your savings, you are distracted, you not able to give 100 percent." China has had a hugely impressive four decades. That is a possible future, not a certain one. @ No comparable reforms have happened since his time. Disheartened liberal democrats must not despair. China confronts huge economic challenges. Is the New Fix for the L Train Apocalypse Too Good to Be True? : Some federal employees wonder how long they can survive.', '2019-01-09': 'Migrants Are Brought to Shore After 19 Days : A group of 49 refugees that was refused entry to any European port in late December has now been granted permission to land on Malta. A truck rolled off the line at the aptly named First Automobile Works. But it has not lost its capacity to alarm. That puts its shares on a historically cheap forward price-to-earnings ratio of 6-8 times. However, President Donald Trump tweeted on Tuesday morning that talks with China were “going very well!” @ China is even on track to overtake Germany in terms of the official US recognition for its companies’ IP advances, with the cross-over likely to come next year, said Larry Cady, senior analyst at IFI.When people are fundamentally healthy, they do not yet know what will cause their death. But this would require both policy skill and great luck. Today, the fear in markets is the opposite. The signs of decelerating growth are by no means confined to China. The last time China caused such angst in global markets was almost exactly three years ago. About 800,000 federal employees are affected. @ 😀Here they are in all their glory - my footwear of choice whenever I can get out of a suit. Organizers criticized Morrison in an email to CNN at the time.', '2019-01-10': '2019 is the year of the pig, according to the Chinese calendar. Should we be concerned about the state of the world economy? Yes: it always makes sense to be concerned. That does not mean something is sure to go badly wrong in the near future. Yet conventional forecasters are hardly unduly worried. Aurora and Sequoia declined to comment. @ The sudden departure more than three years ahead of schedule tees up a battle between the Trump administration, which will have the central role in choosing his replacement, and critics seeking to break the US stranglehold on the World Bank presidency.: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 91.67 points, or 0.4 percent, to 23,879.12. Experts think the trade negotiations may continue for months. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( It was the fifth consecutive quarterly increase. The account of the December meeting reinforced that message. But uncertainties have piled up in recent months. However, my current expectation is that the more optimistic view will prevail." Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. I saw on social networks a few fools who appear next to burnt speed cameras. After decades of progress, the toll is getting worse."', '2019-01-11': 'Investors are about to get a read on the health of corporate America, as businesses begin releasing quarterly profit reports and laying out expectations for the coming year. It doesn\'t guarantee investors will be happy. Will China\'s slump hurt America\'s businesses? There are good reasons this resilience could continue. What\'s the impact of rising wages and other costs? More than 300,000 jobs were created in December. Chart Corporate Profits (Source: I/B/E/S, via Refinitiv); China\'s Economy (Source: China National Bureau of Statistics, via FactSet); Consumer Confidence (Source: The Conference Board); Wages (Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics)Mueller, Feds Probe Ukrainian Officials Who Attended Trump\'s Inauguration: Report : Some of the officials reportedly hoped to gauge how they could become influential to the new administration, in order to boost issues favorable to Russia. Mr. Powell responded, "I think my jokes have always been well received, frankly." The question will be: How much does that affect us?" The earnings come mostly from the Fed\'s holdings of Treasuries and mortgage bonds. The Fed has reduced the size of its balance sheet. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter: @bcappelbaum. PHOTOGRAPH BY CAROLYN KASTER/ASSOCIATED PRESS)Tax Cut Paid for Itself? That is about as virtuous a circle as any company can hope to achieve. @ That means you need an Amazon Echo to control the gadget. I\'ve just never seen a roller coaster in a booth.', '2019-01-12': 'Gilets jaunes: Police use water cannon as yellow vest protesters rise - CNN : Police use water cannon as number of \'yellow vest\' protesters rises :  (CNN)Police fired water cannon and tear gas at "gilets jaunes" or yellow vest protesters in central Paris, who have marched through the city for the ninth consecutive weekend. They caused many tourist sites and landmarks to be closed in anticipation of violent scenes. Gilets jaunes protesters march through Paris on Saturday. CNN\'s Katie Polglase, Saskya Vandoorne and Arnaud Siad contributed to this report.: Fed policymakers lifted short-term rates four times last year and have forecast two more hikes this year. REUTERS This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: REUTERS and THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph Gas prices fell in December. ( The victims in this instance suffered losses of tens of millions of dollars and had to spend a large amount on mitigating action.": WASHINGTON -- Jerome H. Powell, the Federal Reserve chairman, says he still carries the scars of the Fed\'s missteps in the spring of 2013. We should expect that dealers and investors will take more and more risk as time passes." But he expressed confidence in Mr. Bernanke. " But investors increasingly are divided on the wisdom of that approach. Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. PHOTOGRAPH BY SAUL LOEB/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)', '2019-01-13': 'Mike Pompeo Rips As \'Absolutely Ludicrous\' NYT Story On Alleged FBI Inquiry Into Trump : In a "Face the Nation" interview, Pompeo refused to engage in discussion on the story, calling it "silly" and unworthy of a response. Now they want to make Congress more scientific. The battleground state is tilting more to the right. I would expect more volatility as we take in new data points." He noted that the five monthly regional business surveys conducted by Federal Reserve districts "were all extremely weak in December." But the latest employment report was not. It all adds up to an economy that\'s slowing but probably still growing." Oil and foreign stocks were among the investments that did worse. Your airline will have the most up to date information on any flight impacts. Here are the snowfall reports through 10 PM. The map is an estimate based on reports that we have received. # Road conditions at https://t.co/ZDpgnCCZGC pic.twitter.com/y27n6kj0qv— MSHP General HQ (@MSHPTrooperGHQ) January 12, 2019  An airliner landing at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport in Kentucky also had traction issues. CNN meteorologist Judson Jones contributed to this report. They can be summarized in a single name: Amazon. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2019-01-14': 'Germany’s competition watchdog has raised “serious doubts” over the railway merger between Siemens and Alstom, in another blow to a Franco-German deal seen as a watershed for EU industrial policy on China. @ His alleged actions have no relation to the company”. @ The final 230 miles of the Mississippi river have long reinforced American might in global food markets. Together they can export 500,000 tonnes a day. @ Yet this year the autumn high season never came. Plan to keep yourself cool, check in on family and friends and follow the advice from your local health authorities," the Australian Bureau of Meteorology said on social media. This mass fish kill should be a wake up call for Australia. And it is definitely quite tasty," he said. The only uncertainty is how badly she will lose the vote. If the Prime Minister\'s deal is rejected tomorrow, it\'s time for a general election, it\'s time for a new government," Corbyn said. Britain\'s main opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn leaves his home in London. Britain is scheduled to leave the European Union on March 29. CNN\'s Eliza Mackintosh contributed to this report.', '2019-01-15': "Slow Gains for Women and Minorities on U.S. Boards : The percentage of minorities and women serving as directors of America’s largest public companies has risen since 2016, but white men still dominate, the Alliance for Board Diversity found. But the bank refused to pay him compensation earned at his previous post. It had previously expected a 60 per cent increase. One of the jobs of a columnist is to make predictions. The figures underline that a three-decade run of growth that has made China crucial to the profits of global carmakers may be coming to an end. @ Volkswagen said its sales increased slightly. But for global businesses, what matters more is growth. Regulators quickly squelched the gimmick. This time I think customers are truly out of money.” @ As goes America, so goes the developed world. @ It is clear that they tend broadly to coincide in their timing. However, it is far from clear which causes which. @ A data determined Fed will not make a large policy error. Recessions and bear markets may both be avoided in 2019. What happens now?May now has 24 hours to save her government. I urge the UK to clarify its intentions as soon as possible. JUST WATCHEDHere's what you need to know about BrexitReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHHere's what you need to know about Brexit 03:38May's defeat seemed inevitable.", '2019-01-16': 'A gauge of global policy uncertainty is “flashing red” amid anxiety on Brexit, the US government shutdown and the Sino-American trade war, according to Deutsche Bank. @ Cleaner air also improves people\'s health. " Get CNN Health\'s weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team. In some cases, other corporate issues were also at play. The first is the current slowdown itself. The last application round occurred in December. Uncertainty now hangs over May\'s next steps. Otherwise, a general election must be called. Almost all of those supporters, however, happen to be from the losing side of the 2016 contest. If a deal is impossible, and no one wants no deal, then who will finally have the courage to say what the only positive solution is?" European Council President Donald Tusk tweeted Tuesday night. It is not something that can be tweaked in less than a week. But with an observation the problems are not solved.', '2019-01-17': 'Game Of Bones : Geneticists have begun using old bones to make sweeping claims about the distant past. Mexicans met the testimony with more skepticism. However, the arms sales should never have been allowed in the first place. But the trend is not entirely positive, it noted. Not every feminist considers this a victory. The most recent reading of manufacturing PMI slid below 50 last month, indicating a contraction. @ The market is also fundamentally cheap given its underrepresentation on global equity indices. It also actively buys back shares from investors. @ And further afield, there is precedence to do more so. That\'s less than 10 per cent of the total population. @ Chinese equities are not typically known as beacons of stability. The move has exacerbated trade tensions between Beijing and Washington.: The important takeaway from earnings season," he said, "will not be what companies had to say about the fourth quarter as much as it will be the commentary, not just for the current quarter but for 2019 over all." Chaotic scenes at borders, ports and airports could also follow. The dollar rose to 108.92 yen from 108.57 yen. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. (', '2019-01-18': "Trump Promotes Unfounded Claim That Islamic Prayer Rugs Are Littering The Border : There is no credible evidence that this is the case.: Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ The huge swings that defined stock trading in December have ended. That doesn't mean investors think everything is fine. Among the clearest of these signs is the yield curve. The yield curve essentially measures the difference between short-term and long-term government bonds. And for the past 60 years, when that has happened for a sustained period, it has accurately predicted a recession. It had stood at 0.89 percentage points at the start of November. And, of course, there's the government shutdown. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. L Train Riders Saw Dreaded Shutdown Replaced. A new government program was supposed to prevent certain Medicare recipients from cycling in and out of hospitals. Theresa May skips Davos WEF trip - CNN : Theresa May is skipping Davos, citing Brexit : London (CNN)British Prime Minister Theresa May is skipping this year's World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. She is also expected to hold calls with EU leaders in the coming days.", '2019-01-19': ': WASHINGTON -- The government shutdown and a late-year slump in the stock market have eroded Americans\' optimism for the economy and support for President Trump\'s economic policies, new surveys show. That\'s up from fewer than a quarter of respondents in January 2018. My income is pretty directly tied to how the whole economy is doing." By most conventional measures, the economy is still doing well. But he cautioned that the current shutdown had already outlasted any previous one. It just adds more uncertainty during a period when the market\'s already skittish." The company selected respondents at random from the nearly three million people who take surveys on its platform each day. Responses were weighted to match the demographic profile of the population of the United States. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: JIM TANKERSLEY and BEN CASSELMAN; Jim Tankersley reported from Washington, and Ben Casselman from New York. New Jersey Official Scolded Over Inaction on Rape Claim : The chief counsel to Gov. Philip D. Murphy hewed repeatedly on Friday to his explanation that he did not tell the governor earlier about the accusation because of confidentiality policy.', '2019-01-20': 'Trump Goes Beyond His Base and No One Is Happy : Seeking to appeal to a broader swath of the public and end the government shutdown, President Trump alienated portions of his hard-right base and made no headway with Democratic congressional leaders. Stocks’ U-Turn All but Erases Losses of 2018 : The year began with repeated public assurances from Fed officials that they would remain sensitive to changes in the economy. There\'s some parallel with military spending. How should we value the future compared with the present? Certainly something less than $1,000 -- but how much less would depend on what rate you use. A metric ton is about what would be released as a car burns 113 gallons of gasoline. How might climate change fuel inequality? The impact is going to be highly diverse." But there are wide ranges of possible results that vary based on countless assumptions. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Will Barring the Yellow Vests From Traffic Circles Box Them In? : People who felt abandoned found an unlikely sense of community at the traffic circles. CNN\'s Mahatir Pasha and Vasco Cotovio contributed to this story.: Britain is in turmoil over leaving the European Union. Broad surveys of sentiment also suggest reason for worry. The data in that report came before the government shutdown had stretched to nearly a month. It sounded like the Fed was on autopilot."', '2019-01-21': 'Avon Pulls Marketing Materials After Jameela Jamil Slams Company For Shaming Women : "We messed up," the company said in an apology to consumers. Could this be the year that populism pops? The optimistic claims made for Brexit in 2016 have already collapsed. The Robert Mueller investigation will report soon and could trigger impeachment proceedings. Germany GmbH has invested heavily on doing business with China. The sector breakdown of the December trade data is not yet available. Steel and aluminium may be symbolic sectors, but they are relatively small ones. He added that the Prime Minister\'s statement felt a bit like "groundhog day. " Mr. Speaker I believe this would go against the referendum result, and I do not believe that that is a course of action we should take or which this house should support," May said. On this, the door is open, but time is running out. CNN\'s Hilary McGann contributed to this report from London. The EU also sanctioned GRU head Igor Olegovich Kostyukov and his deputy, Vladimir Stepanovich Alexseyev. You also know there are many photographs of Russians in Britain and they are not direct evidence.', '2019-01-22': 'Another Brexit Vote Could Worsen Chaos Created by 1st One : The first vote on whether Britain should leave the European Union created more problems than it solved. A second could do much the same — or even worse. It can\'t be business as usual amid constant protests, riots, shutdowns and escalating social tensions," he wrote. So when adversity is absent, investors become complacent. Imagine an incident that threatens national security. Will Americans see eye to eye on the seriousness of the threat? PHOTOGRAPH BY LAURENT GILLIERON/EPA, VIA SHUTTERSTOCK)The Indian government wants the Reserve Bank of India to transfer more money into its coffers. It was a classic case of everyone falling for the same stocks at the same time. The risk-reward ratio has turned exceptionally favourable. China financed more than a quarter of all coal plants announced outside the country last year according to a new report, putting its clean energy image at risk as Chinese institutions fund coal-fired projects in emerging markets. @ If you\'re the Chinese, delay is your best friend." Trade negotiations are to begin next week. ( A bigger but slower growing economy creates more additional demand than a smaller economy that is expanding more rapidly.', '2019-01-23': 'Feminist Group Scores U.N. Leader a B-Minus : After two years as secretary general, António Guterres gets a passing but not stellar grade from an advisory group on his pledge for a more feminist United Nations. Verdict on New Jersey’s $15 Minimum Wage: Overdue : A proposal by the governor and legislative leaders to gradually raise the state’s minimum wage drew praise from those who would most benefit from the increase. On the Continent, we wonder whether the British have lost not only control but their minds. Fair Share : It feels like simple math: One group of people outnumbers another. But as those numbers change, this logic — and what it implies about power — falls apart. Although he said he was optimistic about the future relationship with China, he criticised “China’s state-centred economic model, its belligerence towards neighbours and its embrace of a totalitarian state at home”. Bad luck comes in threes for the Chinese internet giant Tencent. @ This, despite his claims of sleeping well. “ You will see there will be less investment going abroad.” @ When I say ‘temporary’ I am not talking about until the next Davos. We are] confronted with unpredictable international developments and a complicated and sensitive external environment. He added: “The Chinese macro policies are very data dependent. At this point the government has readied quite strong fiscal policy and regulatory policy.', '2019-01-24': "When Huawei released its latest chip set in Shenzhen this month, the state-run Global Times newspaper hailed the “groundbreaking” development as a “boost” for China’s domestic chipmaking industry, “often portrayed as overly reliant on foreign suppliers”. @ SMIC did not comment on its equipment purchases. @ “ It is not a question of if, it is a question of when. If Huawei wants to differentiate against global companies\u2009.The battle to align executive pay with what shareholders, directors and society desire is a little like trying to sculpt a balloon: push down on one part and problems bulge out in another. @ Japanese companies are already starting to feel the fallout from the dispute between the US and China. Other countries in the region whose exports shrank in December include\xa0 China,\xa0 South Korea,\xa0 Indonesia,\xa0 Thailand and\xa0 Singapore. Can Macron Get the Yellow Vests to Back Down? Stock indexes in the United States spent Wednesday drifting and finished with small gains. The Nasdaq composite edged up 5.41 points, or 0.1 percent, to 7,025.77. Investors were also pleased with the company's forecasts for 2019. Federal employees will miss their second consecutive paycheck Friday unless there is a deal to end the shutdown before then. Other corporate reports were less encouraging. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. (", '2019-01-25': 'Border Patrol union criticizes administration asylum plan - CNNPolitics : Border Patrol union chief: New Trump administration policy is \'incentivizing illegal immigration\' :  (CNN)The Trump administration\'s approach to its latest asylum policy will encourage more people to cross the border illegally, the head of the Border Patrol\'s union told CNN on Friday, warning that officials are "opening up a Pandora\'s box. " I do not see this as criticism of the President at all. But there are still many unanswered questions about how the policy will work -- and what will happen next. It\'s still tied up in the lower courts after the Supreme Court last month upheld a federal judge\'s order. " Would you rather be in Mexico or the US pending your court appearance? CNN\'s Natalie Gallón and Florencia Trucco contributed to this report. While these ideas are intriguing, they are flawed. Stocks finished mostly higher Thursday as another day of mixed trading showed the market\'s recent rally losing some strength. Other household products companies also sank. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( It will instead call itself "Republic of North Macedonia." Nationalist hatreds, disputes and conflicts give their place to friendship, peace and co-operation." Ni-Chionna knows what she\'s talking about.', '2019-01-26': 'Germany rolls up refugee welcome mat in face of right-wing threat - CNN : Germany rolls up refugee welcome mat to face off right-wing threat : Berlin (CNN)Nearly four years after almost 1 million refugees were welcomed into the country, Germany has quietly been closing the window on asylum applications and ramping up deportations. We offer protection for people who are vulnerable. JUST WATCHEDWho is Angela Merkel?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWho is Angela Merkel? People who will almost certainly be able to get a visa again. CNN\'s Matthew Robinson contributed to this report. Sherrod Brown: I could beat Trump in Ohio and New York - CNNPolitics : Sen. Sherrod Brown: I could beat Trump in Ohio and New York :  (CNN)Sen. " When in fact, it\'s not an either-or, you got to do both. " Watch the full interview on "The Van Jones Show," airing Saturday at 7 p.m. ET on CNN.: Energy and consumer-focused companies as well as basic materials makers all did better than the broader market. It\'s hard to envisage Congress and the executive branch putting their differences aside and working together." The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks increased 18.45 points, or 1.3 percent, to 1,482.85. CNN has not been able to independently verify the report and is attempting to get a response from Maduro\'s officials.', '2019-01-27': 'Confident Negotiator, Kushner Finds Immigration Deal to Be Elusive : It has been challenging for Mr. Kushner to negotiate a broad immigration deal that would satisfy a president committed to a border wall and Democrats who have repeatedly cast it as immoral. The idea of an American troop withdrawal fills Afghan women with dread, as they see Westerners as their only protectors not just from the Taliban, but also the “Taliban mentality” among other men. Trump Thought Firing Flynn Would End ‘Russia Thing,’ Christie Writes : The former New Jersey governor’s memoir paints President Trump as highly effective as a candidate — but someone who since has been ill-served by many advisers, including some members of his family. Criminal-justice reform advocates say the practice sets up unfair barriers to employment for former inmates. Trump commuted her sentence last June, after Kim Kardashian West made a personal appeal to the President. In prison, Johnson mentored other inmates, wrote and produced plays, and volunteered in the prison hospice. Women were in every single window, beating on the bars and screaming my name, saying: \'Please don\'t forget about us. \' Johnson, 63, said she\'s now "fighting for those women and for the men who have been left behind. " In Gene Trials, Sickle-Cell Cure Seems in Reach : Success against sickle-cell would be “the first genetic cure of a common genetic disease” and could free tens of thousands of Americans from agonizing pain.', '2019-01-28': 'Evening Edition : In the On Politics newsletter, the former Starbucks chief is considering an independent run for the White House. But political scientists say his target audience is nearly extinct. Foxconn, the Taiwanese group that assembles iPhones and makes everything from smartphones to robots for multinational and Chinese brands, told the Taiwan Stock Exchange on Saturday that it had invested up to $213.5m in a subsidiary in India since September and acquired land use rights in Vietnam. @ There’s a phrase often used to describe New Zealand. Ours was the first country where all women won the right to vote back in 1893. The bad news is what that episode exposed. There is the risk of a nasty feedback loop. Last year began with signs of a new economic era. But it is hard to accept low growth potential. It\'s the new reality beneath every macroeconomic question and debate for the foreseeable future. That reversed starting in early October. ( The vehicles can be stolen using "cheap electronic equipment" purchased online, Which? explained -- even if it\'s actually inside the owner\'s house. Further makers with vulnerable models included Honda, Audi, Hyundai, BMW, Kia, Skoda, Volvo, Peugeot and Renault. All of the manufacturers excluding Honda told Which? CNN has contacted all the manufacturers above for comment.', '2019-01-29': 'There is nothing overly complicated about Emmanuel Macron’s struggle with the angry insurgency of France’s self-styled gilets jaunes. Cars do not matter much for metropolitan elites. In return, Chinese managers can sell funds to Hong Kong-based investors. The deal we have is fair and cannot be renegotiated. Unfortunately, Tuesday\'s votes don\'t clear much up. Could anything comparable happen again? @ US inflation expectations have fallen less than they did then. On monetary policy, the picture is more mixed. Government data, however, will have to wait awhile. But it isn\'t just the Fed that is struggling with the lack of government reports. We\'re not getting trade data at a time when we\'re in a trade conflict with China." [ READ MORE: What\'s Happening in the Economy? Economists haven\'t been flying completely blind. That resulted in the delay of several closely watched reports. Its full-year 2019 profit is expected to be $11.75-$12.75 a share, against analysts’ forecasts of $12.73 Jim Umpleby, chief executive, said: “Within China, the industry is very dynamic and there are a variety of forecasts. It wined and dined global media in Davos last week. Mr Ren insisted it complied with all national regulations where it operated.', '2019-01-30': 'Donald Trump, US president, will meet with Liu He, China’s vice-premier, at the end of high-level trade talks this week in an attempt to raise pressure on Beijing to make big concessions on structural economic reforms that could pave the way for a deal to end the tariff war. @ Everybody needs heroes — even Davos plutocrats. Normally, there is a star country or a star industry that everybody is talking about. It is the place where elite consensus was both formed and promoted. Major stock indexes in Europe closed higher. The company is at its lowest value in nearly 14 years. The dollar weakened to 109.28 yen from 109.36 yen on Monday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( Uber’s, for example, is pegged at $100bn.) Back then, I was working in venture capital in London. The Chinese government will rush a new foreign investment law through its rubber-stamp parliament in March, in a move that Beijing hopes will help smooth over trade talks scheduled to open later today in Washington. @ His office declined to specifically discuss the case when contacted by CNN previously.', '2019-01-31': 'Fleeing ISIS Only to Face Freezing to Death in Syria : Aid groups are struggling to help families who have trekked through freezing conditions out of the Islamic State’s dwindling territory to a refugee camp in northeastern Syria. Five years ago, there was genuine hope for Japan Display. Brexit is happening, with or without a deal - CNN : Brexit is happening, with or without a deal : London (CNN)As things stand, Brexit is happening in 57 days. Here, we come back to that whole unreliable negotiating partner thing. It\'s politically risky, but it looks like possible. The UK is currently staggering towards a cliff edge. The total figure, including staff and media personnel, will be 5,700," NHK reported, citing organizers. Experts believe the Tokyo area is due for a major earthquake in the next 30 years. Mist spraying devices will also be installed to keep spectators cool. At best, it is an uncomfortable partner at worst, it is a hostile power. US stocks and Treasury bonds rallied on the statement, with the yield on the rate-sensitive two-year bond falling sharply. The Channel Island of Jersey is perhaps better known for its cows than its telecoms networks. For Europe’s biggest telecoms companies 5G offers something else — the tantalising prospect that', '2019-02-01': 'The rise of China and ecommerce are two dominant concerns that consume the minds of luxury watchmakers’ chief executives. 🔴As assumed we are blocked for political reasons! There was high pressure on the coast guard to find a reason to chain us. They can chain our ships, but they can´t chain solidarity! Still, people continue to make the dangerous journey across the Mediterranean to Europe. " CNN\'s Eliza Mackintosh contributed to this report. The S&P 500 index rose 23.05 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,704.10. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( Shares of the company were up over 10 percent. Wirecard called the report "inaccurate, misleading and defamatory. A prolonged economic slump would significantly add to the risk of default, with global repercussions. That means there is less room for policy mistakes." 1 trading partner, Germany, and "will find us all losers." We still have growth, but we are noticing a lack of momentum." And other financing channels such as capital markets did not compensate. Competition has driven down prices dramatically. @ Given these factors, then, expect some messy workouts.', '2019-02-02': 'With the Earth on a collision course with Jupiter, humanity has one last hope of survival — a selfless team of Chinese astronauts, or so China’s first ever domestically made science-fiction blockbuster would have us believe. @ But on Thursday night the government said it had decided to enforce its original February 1 deadline. We’ve had to make hard but necessary operating decisions,” said Ms Dubuc. What should the top rate of income tax be? Moscow has consistently rejected those accusations. " Russian Kalibr missiles are a type of cruise missile that Russian forces launch from ships and submarines. CNN\'s Jonny Hallam contributed to this report from Atlanta.: We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!" Mr. Trump exulted Friday morning on Twitter. The tension will resume if growth revives. And I think to be perfectly frank that\'s a perfectly reasonable place for them to be." Through it all, companies kept on hiring. More jobs means more income for consumers, which leads to more spending, and in turn more hiring. " It just showed up in the unemployment rate." They\'re going to have to see several more of these before they\'re comfortable hiking again." Employers added 304,000 jobs in January, far more than the 165,000 that economists were expecting.', '2019-02-03': "‘Monster’ Texas Field Revives U.S. Oil Fortunes : Innovation, investment and inviting geology have given new life to an oil patch that once seemed spent. The oil field is now the world’s second most productive. Voting With Lead Feet : Highway speed limits could save lives and significantly lower carbon emissions. But even suggesting a cap on how fast a car can go is political poison in Germany. Which kind of Super Bowl watcher are you? Oh, and if you're wondering, I'm a solid C, plus B if spicy wings are available.) The Privacy Police Which would be more fearsome in a dark alley: Apple or Facebook? We may soon find out as the companies face off over privacy standards. Facebook, on the other hand -- or thumb? -- So what will it take to settle this trade war before the 90-day truce ends on March 2? The problem is, those European Union leaders are done talking, as they've said before and will say again. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Among the reasons: China and a Bitcoin slump.", '2019-02-04': 'Chuck Schumer And Nancy Pelosi Crash Stephen Colbert\'s Super Bowl Party : The Democratic leaders couldn\'t stay long for one very important reason. In a global collapse of oil prices five years ago, scores of American oil companies went bankrupt. They never thought one field -- one, and not a country -- could actually be the monster field of their imaginations." Others have uneven layers of rock difficult to drill through. By 2008, it was a field in steep decline. They forced us to do things better and cheaper." Despite the ups and downs, there are signs of expansion everywhere in the West Texas desert. It is reducing spending on exploration and production this year by $300 million. They bring an arsenal of tools that the smaller companies lack. In January, Chevron agreed to acquire a refinery in Pasadena, Tex., We are here developing a generational resource." People are willing to look past a few bumpy months." The iPhone maker faces stiff competition and slumping demand in China. On Thursday, Mr. Swan became Intel\'s chief executive.) Yet market cycles haven\'t disappeared entirely. The curve is so exciting, so juicy, so full of opportunity." AuthorAffiliation Follow David Streitfeld and Don Clark on Twitter: @DavidStreitfeld and @donal888.G.O.P. Looks to Cut Medicaid Expansions : In Idaho and Utah, two conservative states, voters approved initiatives to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. But the fight for control is likely to go on.', '2019-02-05': 'Snap Stems Loss of Users From App It Revamped : The social media company, which makes the Snapchat ephemeral messaging app, said on Tuesday that the flood of users who were leaving its platform had subsided. That said, there is still a tug of war within the market as to whether or not the economy is in fact going to slow this quarter or beginning of next quarter." Washington and Beijing ended two days of talks last week in Washington without a deal, though both sides remained optimistic. Starboard\'s chief executive, Steve Ritchie, is also being named chairman of the troubled pizza chain. The company also had a weak fourth quarter. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Stansted 15 activists pay price for saving migrants from deportation - CNN : They saved migrants from deportation. Their actions forced the airport to shut down temporarily. When asked about their status, the Home Office said it does not comment on individual cases. People\'s lives are much more complicated and their connections to the UK are much richer than the Home Office give them credit for. It carries a potential sentence of life imprisonment. " I really hope that leads to some significant and lasting change. "', '2019-02-06': 'NATO’s Addition of 30th Member, However Small, Is a Setback for Putin : Political analysts said the accession of the country now known as North Macedonia to NATO, which could be complete by year’s end, was a setback for Russia. Supporters Nudge Democrat With High Aspirations to Aim Even Higher : After she delivered the Democratic response to the State of the Union address, some admirers asked why the clamoring has been louder for some white men to run than for her. Is Your Kid’s Gaming Habit Bleeding You Dry? : Parents are often surprised by unauthorized credit card charges. Paying subscribers rose to 4.3 million, a record.: The outlook was much gloomier in December. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( Unlike conventional solar panels which deliver energy direct to the grid, curved mirrors concentrate radiation to heat tubes of fluid which are pumped to a power unit. Nine states in the eastern United States had their wettest years on record: Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia. Get CNN Health\'s weekly newsletter Sign up here to get The Results Are In with Dr. Sanjay Gupta every Tuesday from the CNN Health team. Unfortunately, we are not moving fast enough.": In fifth place is Warren E. Buffett\'s investment conglomerate, Berkshire Hathaway.', '2019-02-07': 'As Crisis Restraints Ease, 2 Big Banks Plan Merger : If approved, the merger of BB&T and SunTrust would create the sixth-biggest bank in the U.S., large enough to compete against the country’s largest lenders. Grain to Feed Millions Could Rot, U.N. Warns : The United Nations’ top relief official pleaded for access to a giant grain silo in Yemen’s port city of Hudaydah, saying it could feed 3.7 million hungry people. But critics say some crimes should not be forgiven. AuthorAffiliation Follow Javier C. Hernández on Twitter: @HernandezJavier. Only then are they big enough and strong enough that they can keep pace with international competitors." But that is a temporary obstacle, she said. " Photograph An Alstom factory in Belfort, France.: On balance, sales and earnings are really trending mostly above expectations." The Dow Jones industrial average fell 21.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 25,390.30. The benchmark index finished higher the previous five days in a row. Both companies are grappling with competition from Epic Games\'s hit game "Fortnite." To have disagreements is one thing, to exploit the relationship for electoral aims is another. Il vento del cambiamento ha valicato le Alpi. It used to be said that what was good for General Motors was good for America. Almost none run publicly listed companies. Many are based in middle America and cater to a purely domestic market. Nor do they worry about public relations.', '2019-02-08': 'Border Deal in View, but Not Exactly What the President Wanted : President Trump shows new flexibility on his wall as House and Senate negotiators near a border security deal that would keep the government funded past Feb. 15.States Step Up Action on Climate Change as New Governors Take Office : The midterm elections brought in a new wave of governors with aggressive plans to cut emissions and expand low-carbon energy. a senior executive at a European bank told CNBC who preferred to remain anonymous due to the sensitive nature of the topic. This gap starts to widen more as employees go up the ladder. Banks have been paying like this for years so don\'t think its affected morale in any way," Leung said.: In the 2016 election, he flipped 14 upstate counties that Barack Obama won in 2012. Rather, they agreed with the president\'s assessment. " If there are issues that can be addressed, let\'s address them." Our tax collections are down about 50 percent." Follow Tyler Pager on Twitter: @tylerpager. Photograph President Trump has called upstate New York a "ghost town." ( And I think some people maybe sometimes forget that. He added, "That was deeply concerning to me. But financial advisers say there are ways to minimize conflict.', '2019-02-09': 'Apple To Pay Teen Who Uncovered FaceTime Eavesdropping Bug : 14-year-old Grant Thompson\'s family will be given a financial reward, including money for his education, as a thanks. Kamala Harris and Bernie Sanders, as well as all of Virginia\'s House and Senate Democrats.: United States markets stemmed an early slide on Friday, finishing mostly higher and nudging the benchmark S&P 500 index to its second weekly gain in a row. The Nasdaq composite added 9.85 points, or 0.1 percent, to 7,298.20. Major stock indexes in Europe finished lower. Treasury yields fall when prices for the bonds rise. It had been above 3 percent as recently as December. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( We have therefore decided to terminate our agreement," the spokesman said. Dover is linked to Calais by a ferry crossing, as well as by the Channel Tunnel rail link under the English Channel. The contract was one of three that were announced, totaling £103 million. In January, Salvini called Macron a "terrible president." " France and Italy are the two superpowers of culture in Europe. The world has become much bigger than it was. Today, the world is enormous, Italy and France, European counties need to work together -- this is why this fight is really madness," Letta told CNN.It is no surprise that the origin of the dispute was immigration.', '2019-02-10': "Texas City Councilman Calls Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez A 'Bimbo' After She Criticizes Trump : Republican Scott Dunn has apologized and deleted his social media accounts after major blowback.: Unemployment is low, inflation is muted and growth has continued unabated for nearly 10 years. But Mr. Trump controls economic policy, not the economy, and so a fairer report card would also assess his actual policies. Criticism of Mr. Trump's protectionist instincts is widespread. When private-sector demand falls, government picks up the slack. However, economists say that it will fail to do that, too. In a recent survey, 43 percent of economists gave Mr. Powell's leadership an A, and 51 percent gave him a B (with the remaining 6 percent giving him a C). Perhaps it reflects good luck rather than good judgment. Eliminating environmental regulations has probably improved results for some businesses while speeding climate change. Of course, I should admit a final possibility: Perhaps Mr. Trump has got it right, and the economists have gotten it all wrong.", '2019-02-11': 'Cuomo Ratings Are at Lowest In Eight Years, Says a Poll : Only 43 percent of those polled by Siena College reported having a favorable view of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, down from 51 percent last month. Bugs make up around 70% of all animal species. " Key causes of the decline included "habitat loss and conversion to intensive agriculture and urbanization," pollution, particularly from pesticides and fertilizers, as well as biological factors, such as "pathogens and introduced species" and climate change. He added that the ecosystem at this level has "to be in balance. Insects are) the small creatures that run the world," he said. Parents are afraid to let the children go to school or kindergarten. Polar bears are reliant on seals for food and seals rely on sea ice. They\'ve been staying in an old warehouse that\'s been converted into a makeshift shelter. As of Saturday, at least 100 migrants had opted to return to their home countries, Eagle Pass Mayor Ramsey English Cantu told CNN. And the mayor said he expected that number to increase. Some passersby told CNN they were grateful. " Obviously this much security is not needed. En #PiedrasNegras, #Coahuila, la @SEDENAmx brinda alimentos a migrantes centroamericanos. # CNN\'s Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Washington.', '2019-02-12': 'False Claim On El Paso, Repeated In El Paso : At a rally in Texas, President Trump insisted that crime had fallen in El Paso because of a border wall. The data and the city’s Republican mayor disagree with him. Prime Minister Scott Morrison had strongly opposed the legislation. His research advanced the study of enzymes, among other things. Being nominated to be the president of the World Bank is a challenge I fully embrace. Cheaper credit and a bit of political prodding appear to have increased the flow of lending to China’s struggling private sector. @ In fact, whole sectors are off limits in the current climate. scoutAsia is a corporate data and news service from Nikkei and the FT, providing in-depth information about more than 660,000 companies across more than 20 countries in East Asia, South Asia and Asean. It will help humanity learn more, waste less, work smarter, live longer and better understand and predict almost anything that can be measured. @ China is reportedly spending around $1bn a year on AI. Here is a story that should seem familiar. Borders collapse, distance shrinks and the world seems smaller. @ China’s answer to Black Friday comes early. JD.com handles its own logistics, which shortens delivery times. When we’re not here, others will show up.” @ Potential Earnings Recession Could Defy Growth Outlook : Wall Street analysts expect profits for S&P 500 companies to', '2019-02-13': 'Macedonia changes name to North Macedonia, drawing line under bitter dispute - CNN : Macedonia officially changes name to North Macedonia, drawing line under bitter dispute :  (CNN)The country formerly known as the Republic of Macedonia officially changed its name to the Republic of North Macedonia on Tuesday, on paper ending a decades-long dispute that should pave the way for NATO membership. Greece safeguards an important part of its history, the heritage of Ancient Greek Macedonia. Despite the name change, concerns still remain. All of the positions I applied for are relevant to what I studied and I fit their job descriptions so I thought I’d at least get a reply from them. There are more and more graduates with masters degrees and the market is only so big. We’ll have to put up a bloody fight [to get a job].” @ I also think employers have decreased or stopped hiring.” She cited a state-owned enterprise that last year recruited 10 students but this year was taking one. @ But generally speaking, I’m not inclined to do that.” @ China has added to its gold reserves again. @ Tensions between the US and China could remain high in the coming years. Pyongyang has also destroyed a nuclear test site. Mr Trump in return has dropped joint US-South Korean military exercises. Western intelligence estimates suggest the regime already has a stockpile numbering several dozen warheads.', '2019-02-14': 'A. Ernest Fitzgerald, 92, Sleuth Who Exposed Pentagon Waste : Fired for testifying about a major Air Force project that far exceeded its budget, he got his job back and never stopped trying to trim Pentagon costsTaxpayers Balk Over Refunds As Republicans Defend Change : The slimmer refunds have been seized on by opponents of the tax cuts and Democratic lawmakers as proof that the Republican tax law did little to help average Americans. Management and workers are in the midst of protracted contract talks. That\'s a positive catalyst for the market." The Nasdaq composite added 5.76 points, or 0.1 percent, to 7,420.38. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( It was the first time since the monthly poll began that “long EM” was the most popular position. @ CNN\'s Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report from Brussels. The river is now so big it\'s creating its own weather system. It also makes the heroic assumption that policymakers will allow these activities to go on unchecked. People with knowledge of the IPO previously said it planned to tap investors for between $600m and $800m, valuing it at more than $5bn.', '2019-02-15': 'No Problem For New York Tech Boom : In terms of economic, political and cultural impact, the finance industry dominates. Clearly this is not a two-quarter soft patch. Germany is the biggest customer for Italian exports. Leading Democrats also have left the issue largely untouched. Those payments now exceed $1 billion a day. Growth, growth, growth, and limit spending. We are doing that, and we will do more of it." Follow Binyamin Appelbaum on Twitter @bcappelbaum. Slightly more stocks rose than fell on the New York Stock Exchange. Theresa May: After latest Brexit defeat what\'s next for the Prime Minister ? - Both options will be ringing alarm bells in Downing Street today. It is not clear whether she can survive many more. These organizations exploit political failure essentially. But ... they in consequence do what they can to degrade them. And our approach to this remains the same. You arrive back at your desk and start wondering which of your colleagues is going to infect you with the flu.', '2019-02-16': ': BEIJING -- United States officials said on Friday that they had made "progress" during a week of trade talks with their Chinese counterparts, but big sticking points remain and the two sides plan to continue negotiations next week in Washington to try to end the trade war. I will do that at the same tariffs we are at now; I would not increase the tariffs." Although there is still a lot of work to be done, we have hope." Credit: KEITH BRADSHER and ALAN RAPPEPORT; Keith Bradsher reported from Beijing, and Alan Rappeport from Washington. Financial, health care, technology and industrial stocks accounted for much of the broad wave of buying. Markets will be closed on Monday in observance of Presidents\' Day. That would represent the first decline in nearly three years. There\'s no special treatment for Venezuelans. JUST WATCHEDTPS: What is Temporary Protected Status?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHTPS: What is Temporary Protected Status? I live day to day with the fear that they\'ll kick him out of the country. Thousands stream daily across Venezuela\'s border with Colombia. But others learn the reality can be far more complicated. \' They get an appointment to go and pick up their decision. ...', '2019-02-17': 'Sanders’s Task For Black Vote: Fixing Damage : Mr. Sanders had a weak showing with black voters in his race against Hillary Clinton. A frayed relationship with his own outreach group was part of the problem. Trump Lashes Out At The Media But Twitter Users Push Back With Fierce Replies : Once again, the president called the media "the enemy of the people. " How elite investors use artificial intelligence and machine learning to gain an edge - CNN : How elite investors use artificial intelligence and machine learning to gain an edge : New York (CNN Business)Artificial intelligence and machine learning might sound like the stuff of sci-fi movies. Nor do I see it becoming a machine-only model for a long, long time. And there now exists vastly more data than there did years ago. Traditionally that kind of information was sourced from your network. Now, we can share insight that is very valuable. Terminators are not going to rise up and kill us all in the next 10 years," Chen said. " " Most jobs will be impactedBut that doesn\'t mean humans won\'t be disrupted. Foster said that the most optimistic outcome is that businesses, governments and education systems get ahead of this disruption by re-skilling workers. Trump to sign executive order launching artificial intelligence initiative "Probably the world is moving more slowly than that. It will live up to the hype," Jackson said.', '2019-02-18': 'Voters Seem More Interested in Warren’s Ideas Than Ancestry Issue : Interviews with three dozen Democrats found exhaustion or lack of interest in the presidential candidate’s ancestry, reflecting a disconnect between some voters and Washington insiders. But experts say it’s on the rise, as occupancy rates are up. One local professor called it WD-40 — “the oil that makes the machinery work. ” Its leader, Jeremy Corbyn, was not fit to become Prime Minister, they said. A group that broke from Labour in the 1980s, the Social Democratic Party, fizzled after some early successes. The move is the latest in a recent series of retreats made by the financially stretched Chinese group. Don’t be surprised if nine becomes ten. @ Unlike other cities, Hong Kong does not have legal requirements on the minimum size of an abode. The trade is buying locally listed exchange traded funds that purchase overseas, dollar-denominated corporate and sovereign bonds. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ Last quarter, sentiment reversed, and those same investors dumped their shares. Third Point exited its position in Netflix. By comparison, the S&P 500 fell 14 percent.', '2019-02-19': 'Why a Downturn This Time May Not Be Housing’s Fault : A decline in residential real estate has led several recessions. Trudeau’s Top Aide Resigns As Political Crisis Deepens : Rather than calming the growing political storm over allegations that Mr. Trudeau’s government tried to interfere in a criminal court case, the resignation of Gerald Butts could intensify it. Zhuhai, Foshan, Huizhou, Dongguan, Zhongshan, Jiangmen and Zhaoqing are also incorporated in the plan, bringing the population of the area to almost 70m people at the end of 2017. @ The property market is a linchpin of China’s economy. Right now we are at risk of focusing on only one question. All our customers are trying to work out what this means and that is causing uncertainty. ” Photos showed tombstones spray-painted with blue and yellow Nazi symbols and other graffiti. Those who did this are not worthy of the republic. ... It was also the second recent attack at a Jewish cemetery in France. This cleanliness comes at a cost, calculated down to the penny by the half-dozen customers waiting their turn for a wash and a haircut. Gas is usually more expensive than coal but, for the moment, the government is paying. @ This kind of politically motivated act is not acceptable. They’ll use such methods: we object to this. ” This would eliminate entirely its bilateral trade surplus with America within six years.', '2019-02-20': 'Three Conservative MPs quit Theresa May\'s party over Brexit - CNN : Three Conservative MPs have quit Theresa May\'s party over Brexit : (CNN)Three lawmakers walked out of UK Prime Minister Theresa May\'s Conservative party on Wednesday, joining a new group in Parliament that has blown up the British political landscape in less than three days. With 37 days to go, Parliament has still not approved a Brexit deal. We are honour bound to put our constituents\' and country\'s interests first.\' " But small parties can nevertheless wield significant influence over larger ones. " When something is listed as extinct it essentially ceases to get any protection." Several hundred of the rodents were believed to occupy the island in the 1970s. But their population rapidly declined thereafter. Australia, New Zealand and South America are considered to be at highest risk. It’s been a blistering start to the year for emerging markets. Undoubtedly the exogenous backdrop has turned more favourable for EM. Such strains derive from a nexus of issues. But China insists that Taiwan is a breakaway province that must be re-absorbed. That yield is used to set rates on mortgages and other kinds', '2019-02-21': 'Judge Puts Strict Gag Order on Stone, Unimpressed by His Apologies : Mr. Stone, who had posted a photo of a federal judge that included cross hairs, was ordered by the same judge to stop making public comments about his case. Judge Says That Prosecutors  Led by Acosta Broke the Law    : A judge ruled that federal prosecutors broke the law when they signed a non-prosecution agreement with billionaire Jeffrey Epstein on sex trafficking charges and concealed it from victims. Researchers have now built a system with eight. China has a substantial and contentious presence in Europe. CNN\'s Nada Bashir contributed to this report. Read MoreThis comes amid a recent rise in anti-Semitic incidents. I don\'t want what happened here to give ideas to others. " Distressed America is Wall Street\'s hottest new investment vehicle. So far, most of the funds have focused on real estate investments. They\'re really sitting on pins and needles as it relates to the trade talks." The Dow Jones industrial average added 63.12 points, or 0.2 percent, to 25,954.44. Oil prices rebounded after an early slide. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. It is not appropriate for measuring power.', '2019-02-22': 'Backlog of Repairs and Grounded Aircraft Plague Coast Guard After the Shutdown : Internal Coast Guard documents, obtained by The New York Times, outlined a grim forecast for the small service as a result of the 35-day government shutdown. We are going to hear more about rivers in the years ahead. Tariffs on $200bn of Chinese imports to the US will increase from 10 per cent to 25 per cent if no deal is reached by March 1. @ The trade dispute cost soyabean farmers $7.9bn, Mr Johansson said. Huawei is the global leader in next-generation high-speed 5G mobile network technology. in order to protect the environment,” said the foreign ministry in response to a question on whether the restrictions were related to bilateral tensions. Read MoreIf that\'s the case, it\'s a big deal. So we don\'t know who those families are or what\'s happened to them. The government really, really, really doesn\'t want this to happen. He called the notion a "seismic shift" and a "dramatic change. We\'re talking about little children potentially being permanently orphaned," he said. Read MoreBut activists and conservationists disagree. The reality is, the whale meat that\'s being consumed there is mostly by tourists, unfortunately. ... That report also concluded that "Icelanders have managed whaling in a responsible manner." \' Konsull\' whale watching, Eyjafjördur, Akureyri, Iceland. Mr. Buffett stepped down from the company\'s board last year. The company said it should have recorded the $25 million in earlier periods.', '2019-02-23': ': LONDON -- A cursory assessment might find the United States a less than ideal candidate for the job of managing the planet\'s ultimate form of money. Its politics recently delivered the longest government shutdown in American history. It has enabled his Treasury to find buyers for government savings bonds at enviously cheap rates, even as his $1.5 trillion worth of tax cuts added to the debt. It increased to more than 14 percent of global economic output from less than 10 percent. Once you start that kind of politics, you cannot be serious as a global currency." It has been deeply flawed from the outset. More money has washed up on American shores. " The United States has been able to leverage that." China, too, has its own notions about the rightful course of history. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ Investors have plenty of cause to be worried about the economy. The company also said its co-founder Rich Barton had been named chief executive. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 0.5 percent to settle at $57.26 a barrel in New York. Consumers are increasingly drawn to products they perceive to be healthier and fresher over processed products. And that could weigh on future profits. " And some analysts see evidence that suggests Kraft could still turn things around. Credit: PETER EAVIS; Stephen Grocer and Michael J. de la Merced contributed reporting.:', '2019-02-24': 'U.S. Delays Rise In China Tariffs, Citing Progress : The president, who has been eager to cut a deal with Beijing, said the negotiators had forged a compromise on key issues but few details have been released. Here are three things that have happened so far in 2019. How did everyone -- liberals and conservatives, politicians and economists -- get so comfortable with debt? That, in turn, generated lower interest rates. Global bond markets and the Federal Reserve rewarded fiscal restraint. But even then, there were reasons to question it. For one thing, the cause-and-effect might have been backward. Do I wish we had not turned around and voted for $ 2 trillion in spending that was unpaid for? said Jared Bernstein, who worked in the Obama administration and is now a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. " Mr. Buffett first invested in an American business 77 years ago.) " Ajit and Greg have rare talents, and Berkshire blood flows through their veins." A Russian roulette equation -- usually win, occasionally die -- may make financial sense for someone who gets a piece of a company\'s upside but does not share in its downside. But that strategy would be madness for Berkshire. Rational people don\'t risk what they have and need for what they don\'t have and don\'t need." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2019-02-25': 'Left-handed boxers win more fights, research shows - CNN : Left-handed boxers win more fights, research shows :  (CNN)Left-handed people are better in combat than their right-handed counterparts, according to new research -- something that may help to explain the continued existence of the trait. Given the costs of left-handedness you might expect the trait to have disappeared as humans evolved, but there is an interesting explanation. Read MoreMixed martial artist Conor McGregor, pictured here in October 2018, is another famous southpaw. And his research provides new evidence for the fighting hypothesis. He also used a rating system that takes into account the quality of opponent and other metrics to provide a more complete picture. The forthcoming summit between Mr Kim and the US president is their second and follows their historic meeting in Singapore last year. We hope he’ll make a big step towards that in the week ahead,” Mr Pompeo told CNN. 2019 will probably see us again expanding our holdings of marketable equities. We continue, nevertheless, to hope for an elephant-sized acquisition. ” Hitting the deadline without a mutually acceptable agreement would have led to unpleasant consequences for both sides. @ Many peculiar notions about trade have emanated from Donald Trump’s White House. In Earls Court, west London, there is a flat that has just been built. The buyer’s hope was that it would grow in value and could be sold on — perhaps before it was even finished.', '2019-02-26': 'How Chilled Gas Is Easing An Icy Energy Chokehold : Liquid natural gas producers from Qatar, Norway and the U.S. are in line to deliver enough fuel to keep the lights on in Poland — and to complicate relations between Russia and the U.S.: Armchair investors have been selling stock. But few expect those kinds of gains over the next decade. And we felt it was just time to reduce that exposure a bit." Corporations, however, don\'t seem to be experiencing such angst. Besides returning cash to shareholders, buybacks offer companies two crucial benefits. PHOTOGRAPH BY BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) DRAWING (DRAWING BY DONGYUN LE); CHART: Booming Buybacks: Buyback spending by S&P 500 companies (Source: SEC, Birinyi Associates, Goldman Sachs) (A15)Jeremy Corbyn gave hope to Brexit opponents on Monday by announcing the opposition Labour party would back a new referendum on whether Britain should leave the EU. @ Even if the original risks are resolved, some risks may become new risks  even if previous risks in-stock are resolved, there may be new incremental risks,” he added. In the eurozone the message is somewhat different. Would a merger of Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank make any sense? The bank\'s reputation continues to suffer. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2019-02-27': "White House Bars Reporters From Dinner With Kim for Calling Out Questions : The Associated Press and the White House Correspondents’ Association denounced the restriction on journalists’ access to a meeting between the president and North Korea’s autocratic leader. The Big Three bet billions of dollars there. Now China's place in the world is shifting, and that bet is starting to sour. Local competitors have raised their game. His paychecks had already shrunk by two-thirds because he was working fewer hours. Ford, which came later, invested as much as $5 billion. ______ The Chinese elite still prefer premium German brands like Mercedes, BMW and Audi. The bill, sponsored by a bipartisan duo of Reps. We have a Democratic House that will not flinch. King understands that public opinion is on his side on this issue. This story has been updated with additional developments Wednesday. These people are directly responsible for the cyber hysteria eventually going as far as election meddling scandal. But this is far from the end of the story. @ S&P rates the company at B+, four notches below investment grade. The company did not respond to a request for comment on Tuesday. From a financial standpoint these guys are always not that strong on a standalone basis. Some analysts warn that other bond issuers could come under pressure due", '2019-02-28': "700 Afghan Women  Demand Ironclad Rights As Peace Talks Proceed : It was a rare sight, even after 18 years of progress in Afghanistan: a conference in Kabul where women discussed a potential peace deal with the Taliban.: Health care, communications and technology companies took the heaviest losses Wednesday, while financial, industrial and energy stocks notched gains. The news overshadowed a mix of corporate earnings reports. Best Buy surged on surprisingly good holiday sales. Smaller companies fared better than the broader market. The company did not sign up as many subscribers as it hoped this winter and expects its profits to suffer. The euro weakened to $1.1370 from $1.1395. Source: Refinitiv); Factory Orders: Manufacturers' total new orders, seasonally adjusted. ( A recent paper by Alice Wu of Harvard University also documented a particularly toxic culture of misogyny on an economics jobs website. @ When Werner Lieberherr looks at the global economy, he sees nothing but red flags. “ We’ve definitely passed the peak of global growth.” @ Like most of his peers, he is highly reliant on exports. Mike Pence, who followed the German chancellor to the podium on Saturday, must have had his headphones turned off. America’s allies, the US vice-president intoned, should do as they were told. @ bridge differences and achieve a mutually beneficial outcome”. @ The company says it had nothing to do with it.", '2019-03-01': 'Anger Over High Drug Prices in U.S. : Readers criticize the pharmaceutical industry for reaping high profits by charging much more for prescription drugs in the United States than elsewhere in the world. I.P.O. Filing By Lyft Bares Wider Losses : The ride-sharing company unveiled the prospectus for its initial public offering. Funds that benchmark their performance against the index are obliged to buy the underlying stocks, triggering inflows to China. When an international summit breaks up early, the leaders’ lunch is cancelled and there is no progress to announce, it is fair to conclude that things have not gone well. The UK bakery chain Greggs was offering free samples of its vegan sausage roll to early morning punters this week. A friend picking up a coffee declined the offer: “Didn’t seem right.” @ He is not with the zeitgeist on this one. Join them, we are told, and we can save our health and the planet at the same time. @ The truth is that the jury is still out on this one. It isn’t a certainty that a vast increase in plant-based diets would solve all our environmental problems. Grain-fed animals, raised in desertified feed lots, are environmentally harmful. The record of American business has been extraordinary\u2009. The number of cases on Instagram that police dealt with rose by 200% in the space of a year. A fifth of victims were 11 years old or younger. "', '2019-03-02': ': SAN FRANCISCO -- Lyft pulled back the curtain on its business for the first time on Friday as it prepared to go public, officially starting the countdown on a horde of technology offerings that are set to bring new wealth to Silicon Valley this year. Its filing revealed that while it was growing quickly, its losses were widening. Its public offering is being led by JPMorgan Chase, Credit Suisse and Jefferies. Unlike Uber, which has operations across the globe, Lyft operates in the United States and Canada. Credit: KATE CONGER and MICHAEL J. de la MERCED; Kate Conger reported from San Francisco, and Michael J. de la Merced from London.: Health care and technology companies helped lift stocks higher on Friday, breaking a three-day losing streak for the S&P 500 and giving the benchmark index its fifth consecutive weekly gain. Major indexes in Europe also finished higher. If we were able to see a successful conclusion to the negotiations that could be a near-term catalyst," he said. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( But some of the party’s best only want the White House.', '2019-03-03': "John Bolton Dubs Trump-Kim Summit 'A Success' Despite No Denuclearization Deal : Trump's national security adviser also refused to weigh in on Otto Warmbier's killing. In Pennsylvania, Skewing Left May Sap Momentum of 2018 : Democrats won big in the 2018 midterm elections in Pennsylvania, but some wonder if they can win back the state from President Trump if the party veers too far left in 2020.Blanketed in Snow, Parts of Nation Hurtle Into a Deep Freeze : March is getting off to a stormy start, with snow and frigid temperatures from the Rockies to the Northeast, trying the patience of a nation with winter fatigue. India’s Military, Ailing and Poor, Nears Its Brink : As America strengthens its alliance with India to help counter China, critics say its military faces serious challenges, from the age of its hardware to the size of its budget.", '2019-03-04': 'Leaders of Brazil Mining Giant Step Down to Ease Criminal Inquiry : The company heeded the request of prosecutors, who fear the top executives at the company may stymie a proper investigation into a deadly dam burst. The report is based on groundwater monitoring data from more than 4,600 wells. It compared measured levels to drinking water or other standards. Last year, a federal appeals court ordered the EPA to re-evaluate the Obama-era rule, saying it did not go far enough. EPA spokesman John Konkus said Monday that the agency is reviewing the report "and cannot comment on its contents yet." CNN\'s Nadia Kounang contributed to this report. Podcast Start-Up Tests Paid Subscriptions : Luminary is unveiling nearly $100 million in funding and a subscription-based business model that it hopes will push podcasting into a new phase of growth. That is perfectly respectable by the standards of recent American history, let alone for the western world. Italy, say, would be thrilled if it could deliver this figure. Nearly all have reduced projections for revenue growth. @ @ At the central government level, the picture remains rosier. Officials are usually scolded if they complain. @ “ @ For more than a decade, the iPhone defined the overall shape and style of a smartphone.', '2019-03-05': ': Health care companies led stocks lower on Wall Street on Monday as investors waited for more details on reports that the United States and China are moving closer to a deal to resolve their costly trade dispute. The Nasdaq composite lost 17.79 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,577.57. Technology companies and banks also fell. The main issue is competition from dying rivals holding liquidation sales. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Britain\'s government is under pressure to stem what has been described as a "national crisis." This is the true cost of austerity that we warned of, but were ridiculed for doing so." Almost half of those stabbings occurred within 5 kilometers (3.1 miles) of the victim\'s home. Anyone who breaches the order could potentially face jail sentences of up to two years. CNN\'s Zahid Mahmood, Matthew Robinson and Rob Picheta contributed to this story. Pants are now available for all flight attendants as well. Making and watching video clips is both entertainment and a way to communicate.', '2019-03-06': 'Knifings Surge, and Many in Britain Are Blaming Austerity : The police have been subjected to funding cuts, but so have a broad range of social service agencies, though Britain remains a very safe place. Our columnist explored whether the benefits of this outweigh the security risks. That\'s part of what the market is digesting." Even so, sales were down from a year earlier. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. (: He set an ambitious target for economic growth this year of 6 to 6.5 percent. In July, President Trump began in earnest a trade war with China. Mr. Li had little new to say about foreign policy or domestic political threats. Credit: KEITH BRADSHER and CHRIS BUCKLEY; Ailin Tang, Elsie Chen and Zoe Mou contributed research. The FTC said the app was collecting personal information, including email addresses from children under 13, without parental consent. The US has been in Afghanistan for 17 years. Americans who were not yet born when the first tanks poured in are now eligible to serve. Withdrawal might still, on balance, be foolish. China never cares how and if a country is able to pay its loans. Cathay Pacific may purchase a stake in Hong Kong’s only budget airline. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS and REUTERS Photograph (PHOTOGRAPH BY MARY ALTAFFER/ASSOCIATED PRESS)', '2019-03-07': 'Stumbling Block in U.S. Talks With Taliban: How to Define Terrorism : In exchange for a troop withdrawal, the United States wants a commitment that Afghan soil will never be used to launch terrorist attacks. The Taliban have said terrorism has no universal definition. But is it too late for them to take back their party?: The market is going through a natural digestion process," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA. " Some people could be worrying that maybe we are getting closer to an economic slowdown than we thought." New economic data on Wednesday did little to encourage investors. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( I don\'t think I would say that," he replied. Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. They take several steps and sometimes weeks to make, can break easily and aren\'t able to handle delicate details. My partners might not be as close," DiVencenzo said, "but my customers are." There is going to be some loss," he said. " We don\'t see the growth in the head count." In recent years, the industry has been taking this problem into its own hands. If you\'re having to retrain, you\'re coming in at an entry-level position.', '2019-03-08': 'LaCroix Maker’s Stock Dives After Profit Slips on ‘Injustice’ : National Beverage Corp. shares fell as much as 26 percent after Nick Caporella made what turned out to be a veiled reference to a lawsuit and appeared to compare his company to a handicapped person. ‘ Now the barrier is an attraction for the dude ranch. Utilities eked out a gain as investors sought safer ground. The E.C.B. said it will not raise rates before the end of this year at the earliest. China\'s government has also taken up a series of stimulus measures. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( He leaves office at the end of October. " The past decade had been rough for Europe. But a few months later, the picture looks decidedly worse. Italy is in recession and Germany came close. Britain\'s attempt to leave the European Union proved even more difficult and disruptive than expected. Even the weather seemed to conspire against Europe. The bank also displayed an unusually high level of determination and unity. We are very open to act and determined to act when it\'s needed," he said. Credit: JACK EWING; Peter Eavis contributed reporting from New York. Deeper trade and human links could be of benefit to all. It is designed with China very much at its centre.', '2019-03-09': 'Trump Initiative Calls for Transparency in Health Care Pricing to Foster Competition : The administration wants to require public disclosure of the rates that doctors and hospitals negotiate with insurance companies, saying the idea could create competition and drive down prices. He’s Lucky His Lost Lotto Tickets Were Turned In. But Hudson Yards, the huge office and luxury residential development in Manhattan, has received far more.: Add in the ample evidence that the overall rate of growth is shifting down as trade wars continue to disrupt industries and as the impact of tax cuts fade, and a more modest rate of job creation makes sense. More people were working and fewer were unemployed. This is a tricky report for the Federal Reserve, however. I don\'t think there\'s any way to sugarcoat it." The leisure and hospitality showed no growth. Now, "if you log eight hours that day, you get paid for it." The rise has generated more than $30 trillion in wealth. People were scarred from that experience." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Illustration DRAWING (DRAWING BY PABLO ROCHAT) (B1); CHARTS: Ten Years Into One of the Longest Bull Markets (Sources: MacroTrends; Yardeni Research; Thomson Reuters (bull markets); Gallup polls (people in market); S&P Dow Jones Indices (top contributors)) (B5)', '2019-03-10': 'Turbulence Injures 30 On Turkish Airlines Flight From Istanbul To New York : Passengers were tossed around the plane when it hit severe turbulence while passing over Maine on its way to JFK airport. Brexit promises haunt politicians as Britain faces crunch week - CNN : Infamous Brexit promises haunt politicians as Britain faces crunch week : London (CNN)UK Prime Minister Theresa May is braced for what could be her biggest policy climbdown yet, after insisting for years that "no deal for Britain is better than a bad deal" and that her country would leave the European Union on March 29, 2019. The sunlit uplandsThey initially said it would be so easy. Our policy is having our cake and eating it," as Johnson declared. Exactly how this was possible remained unclear. Nobody has ever pretended this will be easy. However, the attempt to do so was abandoned during negotiations. A tale of two sidesThe Remain camp was not free from miscalculations, either. There is an element of truth in their claims. That shock would push our economy into a recession and lead to an increase in unemployment of around 500,000." But it was only the Treasury that wrongly predicted a recession. It comes amid strident warnings that businesses would struggle or relocate after Brexit. It also found widespread support for liberal policy ideas.', '2019-03-11': 'Deutsche Bank’s chief executive Christian Sewing has dropped his opposition to exploring a multibillion euro merger with German rival Commerzbank after persistently low interest rates and investor pressure over its grim performance forced him to consider other options. @ “ Increased spending by Chinese consumers is not new. The next 40 years of global growth might be about the Chinese consumer. China needs to start making higher-return investments\u2009. Yet closer analysis suggests fears about falling consumption are exaggerated. Transactions of high-end homes in central London last year reached a decade low, in a market already damped by stamp duty changes, according to LonRes, the data group. @ The Ethiopian Airlines crash involved the same type of aircraft involved in the Lion Air crash in Indonesia in October that killed all 189 people on board. WhatsApp is blocked in China and messages are encrypted. ( Its supporters just seemed to like having another chat app. Unfortunately there was the issue of trade and tariffs. Whenever the US reduces its tariffs, we will reconsider.” @ Those changes would not affect the terms of the withdrawal, but offer legal assurances to back it up. It is this deal, or #Brexit may not happen at all. It announced a 3 percent price increase on most models. Tucker Carlson, another Fox host, is also under fire. A Standoff Between the Party and the Country’: Can Labour Survive Brexit? : Now, that “productive ambiguity” is tearing Labour apart.', '2019-03-12': ': WASHINGTON -- President Trump\'s $4.75 trillion budget proposal unveiled on Monday brims with confidence that the United States economy will continue to expand rapidly, despite recent data suggesting growth is slowing. Mr. Trump told reporters last week that the economy is "very, very strong." Slower growth could threaten those ratings. This year, we don\'t see any reason to do that." The one guy who gets this is Trump," Mr. Moore said. " Credit: JIM TANKERSLEY; Ben Casselman contributed reporting. Photograph Steel pipes being offloaded in New Orleans last year. That fall followed a decline of 1.6 percent in the third quarter. Major European stock indexes finished higher. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Those votes will take place on Wednesday and Thursday. Back to the next 48 hours: what exactly are these cans of worms? Including a more carefully-orchestrated no deal. OK, what about another election?Now you\'re talking. If you want to ask any further Brexit questions, Luke McGee can be reached on Twitter. Whether rebellious Brexiteer Conservatives believe him is another thing entirely. The deal we have negotiated is the best and indeed the only deal available." Does it want to hold a second referendum? According to a recent study published by Brookings, the', '2019-03-13': 'No deal Brexit rejected by British lawmakers - CNN : No deal Brexit rejected by British lawmakers : London (CNN)British lawmakers have decisively rejected a no-deal Brexit, inflicting another heavy defeat on Britain\'s embattled Prime Minister and paving the way for the UK\'s departure from the EU to be delayed. I do not think that would be the right outcome," the Prime Minister told lawmakers. It is UK\'s responsibility to tell us what they want for our future relations. CNN\'s Erin Mclaughlin contributed to this report from Brussels. What is more likely is one or both of the second and third of these options. The company led a slide in industrial sector stocks. The benchmark S&P 500 index gained 8.22 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,791.52. Britain joined a growing number of countries to ground the plane. Airlines in China and Indonesia, Aeromexico, Brazil\'s Gol Airlines, India\'s Jet Airways and others have done the same. They\'re creating more of a favorable backdrop." The agreement comes after more than a year of negotiations. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Whitby is a seaside town in northern England that\'s bisected by a long, narrow harbor. He said he\'s already having trouble attracting staff from Europe.', '2019-03-14': "China has offered to help Venezuela fix its failed power grid as looting reportedly broke out in western areas of the country and President Nicolás Maduro continued to claim the US was behind a cyber attack that caused Venezuela’s worst power blackout on record. @ The US ban was announced by President Donald Trump. “ In October it had projected 3.2 per cent growth for the year. @ “ The court said the treaty was on hold pending further study. If taking out insurance and claiming on it required no written forms, would more people sign up? Ping An was early to the game and has already started seeing some returns from investing in technology. Just 8 per cent of Chinese people have life insurance. Net profit was up 21 per cent at Rmb107bn ($16bn). @ Ukraine has all but disappeared from the headlines. The situation, however, is far from stable and there is no room for indifference. Government discipline and party loyalties have broken down. It will be a priority even before the question of an extension. Ordinary lawmakers have seized control of Brexit from May. But they decisively rejected a call for a second referendum. And for what it's worth, the EU is not keen on the idea. Things have changed a little in Brussels, also. So throwing things up in the air and starting from scratch comes with some pretty major risks.", '2019-03-15': 'US stocks were up ever so slightly at lunchtime in New York, overcoming a weak morning and giving the broader market a shot at stringing together four consecutive days of gains. @ Several retailers and homebuilders also declined. The Nasdaq composite dropped 12.50 points, or 0.2 percent, to 7,630.91. The company and its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, have also faced congressional inquiries. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( That marked the equal-quickest gain in 21 months. Does the hypothesis of “secular stagnation” help explain it? These are the most important questions in macroeconomics. A recent paper by Lukasz Rachel and Lawrence Summers shines light on these questions. The relationship should be a partnership. Toyota stands out as an exception,” said Mr Dunne. “ They consistently deliver high quality, products good service, and high resell value. Top-range brands face almost no local competition. Israeli Leader’s Rival Faces Lurid Questions After Iran Hacks His Phone : The former army chief with the best chance to unseat the prime minister in April’s election is suddenly on the defensive, and not about the issues. ‘ Any one of 27 national leaders could refuse. And they have reason to fear a long delay. Either way, both sides worked to restore calm.', '2019-03-16': 'U.S. Policy Disparities Confound Immigrants : Even as homeland security has sought to tighten borders, the State Department is highlighting some of the abuses that have sent people fleeing to the United States. As Costs Surge, Cities’ Recycling Becomes Refuse : With China no longer accepting used plastic and paper, communities are facing steep collection bills, forcing them to end their programs or burn or bury more waste.: Industrial stocks were the biggest laggard on Friday. That sent the yield on the 10-year Treasury lower. Despite the gains, global political turmoil over trade and more still weighs on investors, said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer at Northern Trust Wealth Management. " There\'s so much importance placed on these geopolitical risks," Ms. Nixon said. " They have to be resolved for the market to go forward." The Dow Jones industrial average rose 138.93 points, or 0.54 percent, to 25,848.87. The central bank is holding a meeting of policymakers next week. That assessment helped give other chipmakers a lift. Two deadly crashes have led numerous countries to ground the plane. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( Sing a Protest Song  Or Insult a Company?', '2019-03-17': 'After a Rare Public Rebuke, Fox News Suspends a Host, to the President’s Chagrin : Ms. Pirro did not appear in her usual Saturday slot on the cable news station. On Sunday morning, Mr. Trump, posting on Twitter, urged Fox News to bring her back. President Trump\'s new budget calls for less spending on Medicare and food stamps and more on defense and on a wall on the southern border. Job growth last month came in wildly below expectations. Seemingly small events can cause enormous problems. The internet accounted for, at most, about 2 percent of the economy then. Consumer confidence plunged, and businesses stopped investing. The recession spread far beyond its origin. These include the debt ceiling crisis of 2011 and the government shutdown of 2013. The most recent shutdown seems no different in this respect. That\'s because recessions are hard to recognize at the start. The great pitcher Satchel Paige once advised: "Don\'t look back. Had he been an economist, he might have added, "And don\'t start a trade war, either." When slogans such as "Brits out" or "England out of Ireland" are used, the unionist community are well within their rights to see themselves as the intended focus," said Gregory Campbell, the Democratic Unionist Party MP for East Londonderry. " CNN\'s Peter Taggart contributed to this report. But they need to know how to speak to voters here.', '2019-03-18': 'Democrats Split  Over Health Care  At a Key Moment : Democrats are at odds over how to fulfill their promise to lower health costs, with centrists opposing the “Medicare for all” plan favored by progressives. We need to quantify the risk that we\'re taking." It\'s pretty scary out there, some of the projects that are coming in. Kind of, two guys in the back of a van, trying to get an Opportunity Zone project done." Correction: March 18, 2019, Monday This article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An earlier version of this article misstated the surname of the chief executive of Virtua Partners. The family name of the mayor also was misspelled. Parliament has already rejected it twice by substantial margins. In response, a Downing Street spokesperson said, "We note the speaker\'s statement. This is a statement that requires proper consideration. " CNN\'s Luke McGee and Jane Merrick contributed to this report. Read MoreThe semen had been stored in liquid nitrogen at -196 degrees Celsius (-320.8 Fahrenheit). Researchers convert those cells into stem cells by introducing a series of specialized reprogramming genes. But he signalled that France was seeking to narrow the scope of the talks and was resisting attempts by other governments to get negotiations under way quickly. @ “', '2019-03-19': 'German Military Spending May Fall Short Again, Frustrating Allies : Germany had already pulled back from its NATO spending target. Now it expects to fall below even that slimmed-down figure. Goldman Sachs rose 2.1 percent, Advance Auto Parts climbed 4.4 percent, and Microsoft added 1.4 percent. Those gains outweighed losses in the communications and health care sectors. In many ways, the market is in limbo," said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at the research firm CFRA. Perhaps more important is what the Fed says about its vast trove of bonds. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Increasingly, bargain-seeking Chinese consumers want neither. Sales of both have been tumbling in China. @ Apple blames a slowing economy and its steep prices. We may not change anything but we think it’s a good idea to review that validation at this time,” Mr Garneau said. With these four tips however, you can save some cash and even enjoy the trip. A Boost To Big Banks Draws Democratic Support : Leverage rules were supposed to be the last line of defense. Now even Democratic appointees are calling to weaken them.', '2019-03-20': 'Google Fined $1.7 Billion By E.U. for Ad Practices : The antitrust fine, the third imposed on Google by the European Union since 2017, reinforces Europe’s regulatory role as the world’s most aggressive tech watchdog. Theresa May addresses the UK from 10 Downing Street. By Wednesday morning, May had backed down. ABA: US immigration courts \'on the brink of collapse\' - CNNPolitics : The American Bar Association says US immigration courts are \'on the brink of collapse\' : (CNN)The American Bar Association is proposing a major overhaul of the US immigration system, calling the courts that decide whether to deport immigrants "irredeemably dysfunctional. CNN\'s Geneva Sands contributed to this report.: Those losses offset gains in health care, technology and consumer products stocks. What the Fed does next will surely have an impact on the market\'s trajectory. It\'s a slightly bad-news-is-good-news situation," she said. Companies that reported disappointing quarterly results also fell. The dollar held steady at 111.41 Japanese yen. He said he was not certain they would be. " Recessions very often happen, and few people see them coming. But it\'s still recovering from the last recession. That might finally force builders to pump the brakes. The index is not the only unusual economic indicator. Housing is a huge driver of real estate construction. Once you start, you can\'t not notice them," she said. The third crane swivels over a new parking garage.', '2019-03-21': 'Campaigns Slow to Use Digital Ads, Study Says : On average, candidates in the 2018 midterm races spent no more than 5 percent of their overall media budgets on digital advertising, according to a report by Tech for Campaigns. You are tired of the infighting, tired of the political games and the arcane procedural rows, tired of MPs talking about nothing else but Brexit when you have real concerns about our children\'s schools, our National Health Service, knife crime," she said. Her speech was incendiary and irresponsible. Get that plant opened or sell it to somebody and they\'ll open it." At first it was a shock to the system, but now we\'ve all adjusted. PHOTOGRAPH BY PEDRO PARDO/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES); HARLEY-DAVIDSON: The motorcycle manufacturer will move some production overseas even though the president urged a boycott. ( This unprecedented dovish turn clearly shows such commitment." The average had been down more than 216 points earlier. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. British Prime Minister Theresa May speaks in Brussels. The traffic has caused Parliament\'s official petitions site to crash repeatedly on Thursday. Petitions that get more than 100,000 signatures are considered for a parliamentary debate.: And I think you could say that Federal Reserve policy was very important in underpinning the stock market rally."', '2019-03-22': ': For one day, the New York Stock Exchange was denim friendly. The irony is, there\'s a sign when you walk onto the floor saying, \'No jeans allowed."\' Credit: SAPNA MAHESHWARI; Stephen Grocer contributed reporting. PHOTOGRAPH BY GABBY JONES FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)\'But His WhatsApp\': AOC, Hillary Clinton Taunt Jared Kushner Over Private Messaging : Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Trump\'s former presidential rival rip the White House adviser for hypocrisy. Option one: Approve the Withdrawal Agreement. The UK will then leave the EU on May 22 and enter the transition period. It is unlikely that any substantial new deal could be struck by this point. This makes softer Brexit all but inevitable and undoing Brexit a lot more likely. There are arguments to be made either way. That, I am afraid, is still a fairly open-ended answer. But the only Italian port is Vado Ligure. There\'s also a chance that the vote will not even happen. You could call us the ultimate downsizers. @ We spent years refurbishing them, furnishing them and (importantly) enjoying them.', '2019-03-23': ': SAN FRANCISCO -- Pinterest is preparing for its debut on Wall Street with a claim that few other "unicorn" start-ups can make: It is not a financial sinkhole. Uber previously disclosed that it lost $842 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 alone. It said its mission was to "bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love." The document provides the first detailed look at Pinterest\'s balance sheet. It plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PINS. Its largest shareholders include Bessemer Venture Partners, FirstMark Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Fidelity Investments and Valiant Capital Management, according to the filing. New investors will get one vote per share. Mr. Silbermann, 36, previously worked at Google. AuthorAffiliation Follow Erin Griffith on Twitter: @eringriffith. PHOTOGRAPH BY BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) (B6)Drug Prices on TV? Such unusual occurrences have preceded every recession over the last 60 years. The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.5 percent. It helps us forecast the future, but it might at any point fail." Photograph A trader at the New York Stock Exchange on Friday. I mean, look, I hope I didn\'t influence, frankly, but it doesn\'t matter. Isn\'t this all starting to sound familiar?": The utilities sector was the only one to eke out a gain. " China, the world\'s second-largest economy after the United States, is weakening. That signal isn\'t always correct, however. Source: National Association of Realtors)', '2019-03-24': 'Second Brexit referendum \'deserves to be considered,\' senior UK minister says - CNN : Second Brexit referendum \'deserves to be considered,\' senior UK minister says : London (CNN)One of Theresa May\'s most senior Cabinet ministers has raised the prospect of a second referendum to break the Brexit deadlock, as speculation over the future of the beleaguered UK prime minister and her twice-defeated divorce bill reaches fever pitch. Options are likely to include continued membership of the EU\'s single market or customs union, a second vote, a Canada-style free trade agreement and a no-deal exit. But across the country you can see the anger. Everyone feels betrayed," Freeman tweeted. Hammond added that such rumors were "self-indulgent." Changing Prime Minister wouldn\'t help us, changing the party in government wouldn\'t help us. " I will help you get it over the line to prevent a disastrous no deal exit. CNN\'s Zahid Mahmood contributed to this report. ‘ The protesters demand the ouster of not only President Bouteflika, but his entire system. In Thai Elections, Military Party Takes the Lead, Upending Forecasts : The populist party that most polls had forecast to win was in second place behind the military’s proxy party, likely cementing the army’s status as the country’s dominant political force.', '2019-03-25': 'Welcome for China’s Xi, But Paris Remains Wary : Amid the signing of treaties and commercial contracts worth billions of euros, President Emmanuel Macron of France made wary statements about China’s influence as he hosted the country’s leader. CNN\'s Bianca Britton contributed to this report. President Trump called some of them “treasonous. ” Pinterest unveiled an offering prospectus on Friday. A third company, Airbnb, is expected to do the same within the next year. They "thought led" and became "thinkfluencers." We think it\'s important to Floodgate\'s story." With so much money in tech, "folks who have been conservative are getting out there even more." Many investors looked askance at talking to the press. Some venture firms built out entire media divisions. Because it didn\'t feel authentic to her personal brand. Both men yesterday strenuously denied wanting the role. Reports suggest that rebellion could involve more than 100 Tories. Inquiry’s End Forces Democrats to Use Other Weapons for 2020 : For Democrats, Robert S. Mueller III’s finding that the president did not collude with Russia will only enhance the emphasis on viability as they choose a candidate for 2020.For continental Eurosceptics, Brexit was an experiment. That, in itself, is grounds for satisfaction. @ Under one legal interpretation, a sitting US president cannot be indicted.', '2019-03-26': 'The UK government has lost control of Parliament\'s agenda for the first time in over 100 years. Three government ministers resigned to support it. He is a veteran parliamentarian and known as something of a political fixer. He wrote the party\'s 2010 election manifesto -- its program for government. Does the government need to act on the outcome?In short, no. But I do commit to engaging constructively with this process. Corporate concentration has been growing in the US. The problem born of this success is persistent discounts. These valuation gaps reflect conglomerate structures and corporate governance weaknesses. The move comes as concern is growing among European political and business leaders about the competitive threat to the continent’s top companies from Chinese rivals, boosted by restrictions on foreign groups’ access to the Chinese market. We all know who you are, we all know what you are all doing," he said. " You should know that after the elections, we will make you to pay a heavy price. A spokesman for JPMorgan declined to comment. Credit: CARLOTTA GALL; Emily Flitter contributed reporting from New York. Photograph Left, Berat Albayrak, Turkey\'s minister of finance and Treasury. PHOTOGRAPHS BY ASSOCIATED PRESS; AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE--GETTY IMAGES)Move to Nullify  Health Care Act  Roils Democrats : A Justice Department motion to invalidate the entire Affordable Care Act gave Democrats an opening to press their health care agenda and move beyond the Mueller report. The Affordable Care Act touches the lives of most Americans.', '2019-03-27': 'Conservative Delight on ‘No Collusion Day,’ but Feelings Remain Raw : For almost two years, President Trump’s fiercest supporters decried the Mueller investigation as a “witch hunt” that should be shut down. Oil hasn\'t closed above $60 a barrel since November. The company also issued a weaker-than-expected second-quarter earnings outlook. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. With elections near, Mr. Modi played the news for maximum effect. Instead, they ended up talking about Brexit, again. Brexit is perhaps the ultimate Euroskeptic wedge in this regard. China understands how to insert itself in these debates." It\'s a tough ask: She needs 75 MPs to flip. Read MoreThe immediate signs were positive for May. The Republic of Ireland is an EU member state. Northern Ireland is one of the four nations that make up the United Kingdom. The DUP were having absolutely none of this. This week, we are watching her throw the kitchen sink at it. Whoever takes over from her will inherit that unenviable situation. I am prepared to leave this job earlier than I intended in order to do what is right for our country and our party," May told them.', '2019-03-28': 'The global bond market rally accelerated on Wednesday, as New Zealand’s central bank became the latest to sound a gloomy note on economic growth and traders ratcheted up bets that the Federal Reserve will start cutting interest rates this year. @ Such investigations usually result in a guilty finding. The platform allows users to share photos and personal data including their location, age, sexual preferences and HIV status. C. Allen Parker was named the interim chief executive. The announcement came hours before lawmakers begin hearings on the safety of the 737 Max on Capitol Hill. A study published\xa0in Science in 2015 suggested that between five and 13 million tons more are flowing into them every year. CNN\'s Bard Wilkinson also contributed to this story. Most believe other courts, possibly including the Supreme Court, will uphold the law. When it\'s most on the ropes, it\'s been the most popular," she said. Lawmakers could also expand both Medicare and Medicaid using private insurance companies. It\'s constantly being whiplashed from one end of the political spectrum to another." That came after a day of wavering, having been up as much as 100 points and down as much as 232 points. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2019-03-29': ': WASHINGTON -- A court in Luxembourg has ruled against a group of Sept. 11 victims in a novel lawsuit seeking $1.6 billion in Iranian assets, bringing to a head a long growing disagreement about a significant question of international law: Should governments be immune from lawsuits even when they are accused of responsibility for terrorist attacks? But this week, a court in Luxembourg threw out the case. Follow Charlie Savage on Twitter @charlie_savage. The tax cuts he signed in late 2017 are in full swing. And I think we have tremendous momentum right now. And you\'re right, the world is slowing, but we\'re not slowing." A sugar high would be: We spent a lot of money on Twinkies and now we are sorry we ate all those Twinkies, and we don\'t have money left. A question mark could be government spending. It does not appear to be rising anytime soon. Credit: JIM TANKERSLEY; Ben Casselman contributed reporting from New York. From Beijing, where I now am, the UK looks small. But this, Brexiters will say, is an illusion. But it was the biggest delusion of all. @ Much of its people lack enough food and medication. Huawei Technologies has reported record profits and strong overseas growth for 2018 despite mounting pressure from the US for countries to ditch the Chinese telecoms company from their 5G networks. @ If it takes a few more weeks, or if it takes months, so be it.', '2019-03-30': 'Maduro Critics Hope Economic Ruin Will Be His Undoing   : The prolonged national blackout this month pushed the country closer to the brink of economic collapse. Inflation is expected reach 51 million percent this year. After raising rates for five consecutive quarters, the Fed abruptly changed course this year and said earlier this month that it foresees no additional increases in 2019. Mr. Kudlow has struck a slightly less pugilistic tone. We don\'t want to threaten this great recovery." Photograph Larry Kudlow, director of the White House\'s National Economic Council. ( PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES)Britons United By Lost Hope, If Nothing Else : Britons on both sides of the issue are angry and embarrassed at the spectacle in Parliament, and they are losing faith in their political system. Now they are back home, with the Taliban poised to gain power. The company recommended that passengers not travel and offered free exchanges or cancellations. Marchers carried placards, bearing slogans including "No deal is better than a bad deal," "Every nation has the right to self-determination" and "Leave means Leave.: Stocks finished broadly higher on Friday as Wall Street closed out the first quarter with the market\'s biggest gain in nearly a decade. The index also notched a gain for the week. Essentially, we\'re just back to where we were in October." Investors remain anxious about the slowing global economy. RH\'s fiscal 2019 outlook also fell well below analysts\' expectations.', '2019-03-31': 'Sandra Oh Celebrates Her U.S. Citizenship Anniversary Hosting \'SNL\' : “I love Americans. You are confident and direct,” the Canadian-born actress says. Lucy Flores: \'This Isn\'t The First Time\' Joe Biden Acted Inappropriately With Women : The former Nevada lawmaker suggested the former vice president\'s response to her allegations showed a lack of awareness. I am happy not just for the result but mainly that it is possible not to succumb to populism, to tell the truth, to raise interest without aggressive vocabulary," she told supporters, Reuters reported. Businessman charged with ordering murder of Slovak journalistCaputova is a political newbie who\'s anti-corruption campaign struck a chord in a country still grappling with the murder in February last year of investigative journalist Jan Kuciak and his fiancée Martina Kusnirova. Read MoreThen-President Andrej Kiska was also forced not to stand for a second term. " Some candidates have chosen to exploit this fear -- but for me, using the emotions of hatred and fear is destructive. " Country\'s \'Erin Brockovich\' But Caputova\'s connection with journalist Kuciak\'s case began long before his death. In Slovakia, a country where same-sex marriage is illegal, Caputova called for greater LGBT rights. CNN\'s Samantha Beech contributed to this report. The Peril in Warren’s Fund-Raising Gamble : Money is a problem for the Democratic senator, who is likely to be substantially out-raised in the first quarter. And she’s not the fresh candidate anymore. Mexico has urged more funding for development.', '2019-04-01': 'Flood of Fake Posts Tests Facebook as India Votes : With as many as 879 million eligible voters set to cast ballots in the coming weeks, Facebook is struggling to cope with the disinformation and hate speech that is circulating online. This inability to agree on anything looked particularly farcical on the first working day since the Prime Minister\'s deal was defeated on Friday. On April 10, May will attend an emergency summit of EU leaders in Brussels. JUST WATCHEDBrexit protests cause gridlock in LondonReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHBrexit protests cause gridlock in London 02:03As things stand, the UK has two options. Without getting into the details, at this stage, it\'s a binary choice. It doesn\'t matter if it\'s put forward by the opposition. I regret therefore to announce I can no longer sit for this party. " He added that until now their results had always matched with official results. Supporters of ruling AK Party wave flags. They struggled to stay warm without blankets, he said. Other advocacy groups have raised concerns. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS), US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and the United States Border Patrol (USBP) are devoted to the care and processing of the individuals in our custody with the utmost dignity and respect." CNN\'s Kevin Conlon reported from El Paso.', '2019-04-02': 'House Democrats Shift on Budget Resolution, Turning Instead to Spending Increases : Faced with division in their caucus, House Democrats effectively opted out of outlining their own budget priorities and countering the proposal the Trump administration released last month. The hurdle in the near-term is still going to be earnings," she said. " The Nasdaq composite climbed 99.59 points, or 1.3 percent, to 7,828.91. Financial and technology companies powered the latest rally. It also rose back above the yield on the three-month Treasury bill. The rise in bond yields helped boost bank stocks. The ride-hailing company has consistently lost money but has posted supercharged growth. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Ethicists are wondering what happens if it becomes viable for humans. British Prime Minister Theresa May speaks in Downing Street on Tuesday. " This debate, this division cannot drag on much longer. Passions are running high on all sides of the argument. The Prime Minister has a responsibility to prevent that happening.', '2019-04-03': 'Financial regulators across the world are increasingly focused on potential dangers of exchange traded funds, which now account for $5.2tn of assets globally. @ One judge\'s standing order, for example, limits the length of exhibits that can be submitted to 100 pages. " Spokeswoman Kathryn Mattingly confirmed that the office received the complaint letter on Wednesday. But the nation\'s immigration problems extend well beyond that. CNN\'s Maegan Vazquez and Abby Phillip contributed to this report. Wind turbines in front of the cooling towers of the Jaenschwalde coal-fired power plant near Peitz, Germany, on November 15, 2018. " We need to change to more sustainable transportation, including electromobility, renewable fuels, and so on." But others are doing more and investing more in renewables than we do. There will be plenty of market-moving things over the next few weeks." Major European stock indexes finished higher. The company also slashed its forecast for 2019. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The government said the talks got off to a constructive start. Second referendum: is another Brexit people\'s vote becoming inevitable? - May has reason to be optimistic as the clock runs down on BrexitHere\'s how that might happen. A referendum or general election would likely qualify as a good enough reason.', '2019-04-04': 'Wisconsin Emerges as Ground Zero for 2020 Politics : For Democrats, an intense effort to rebuild their Midwestern “blue wall” for 2020 is showing gains in Michigan and Pennsylvania. But there are signs the growth is slowing. Here, the coral displays pink fluorescing tissue signalling heat stress. The recent bleachings follow two previous events, in 1998 and 2002. Yes”, say Gavyn Davies, Goldman Sachs and many others. Why do they think this and are they likely to be right? @ That was happening at the end of last year. a combination of quantitative and pricing approaches\u2009. China seems unlikely to accept this demand. It may be growing substantially more slowly than official figures suggest. Yet these are doubts for another occasion. But risks, notably over trade, lie ahead. Read MoreNot the first time there has been a leak in Parliament I\'m sure 😜 pic.twitter.com/ZcokXjtrxv— 𝗥𝗼𝘀𝘀 𝗧𝗵𝗼𝗺𝘀𝗼𝗻 𝗠𝗣 (@RossThomson_MP) April 4, 2019  The Palace of Westminster, rebuilt in the mid-19th century, has been in structural decline for decades, and leaks throughout the estate are relatively common. And now the actual chamber can\'t sit because of a leak.— The leak may not be the most unusual thing that happened in Parliament this week. And it\'s all done with the support of a compliant Labor Party." Furthermore, the proposed legislation should not absolve the government taking steps to prevent crimes being live streamed," Law Council President Arthur Moses SC said in a statement. "', '2019-04-05': 'Job Market Roars Back, Assuaging Some Fears : After a lackluster performance in February, the job market bounced back in March. Amal Clooney appointed UK envoy on media freedom - CNN : Amal Clooney appointed UK envoy on media freedom :  (CNN)International human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has been appointed as Britain\'s Special Envoy on Media Freedom. The hearing was then postponed due to translation difficulties. CNN\'s Ana Maria Canizares reported from Ecuador, Gremaud Angee and Samantha Beech reported from Atlanta, and Claudia Rebaza and Hilary McGann reported from London. Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report. We are disappointed that the government has not offered real change or compromise," the party said in a statement. It aims for sustainable growth, maximum employment and stable prices. It also regulates banks and oversees the plumbing of the financial system. The president has largely abandoned that tradition. On monetary policy, his views are equally unorthodox. By that December, he dropped out of the presidential race. But concerns are mounting about how long that strength can continue. Trump o wns the e conomy n ow, for b etter or w orse] American factories aren\'t grinding to a halt. And I don\'t think anybody feels very comfortable." I look at it as more of a self-fulfilling prophecy." The S&P 500 index rose 5.99 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,879.39.', '2019-04-06': ': The buoyant jobs market that has helped sustain American households for the better part of a decade did not go anywhere. I understand what the president\'s doing, but he\'s got to do it faster, or get a better perspective on what he\'s doing to American companies." But employees now appear to be getting solid raises. This is about who we are as professional soldiers. " Theresa May will attend an emergency EU summit on Wednesday. Brexit has sucked so much oxygen out of European politics. Nor can it ignore the reasons for it happening. Helpfully, there is data to back this up. The referendum asked a binary question: leave the EU or stay in. The remaining 35.2% was split across 12 parties. A lot has been said that cannot be unsaid. PHOTOGRAPH BY ERIN SCHAFF FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A13)Tools for Vacation Photos : Sure, you can rely on your phone to take photographs. That\'s led to lane closures and major traffic slowdowns at the ports. The doctor said his heart could stop any time now. " Photos: In photos: Former British Prime Minister Theresa May Photos: In photos: Former British Prime Minister Theresa MayOutgoing British Prime Minister Theresa May leaves No. She was the only child of Hubert and Zaidee Brasier. The shadow Cabinet is the opposition party\'s senior leadership.', '2019-04-07': 'Secretary Is Out as Border Influx Sours President : The president had blamed Ms. Nielsen for the rise in migrants who illegally entered the United States even though she supported his hard-line immigration policies. But the line is growing, as rail freight emerges as a viable option. May Offers to Compromise on Brexit, but Critics Say Her Word Isn’t a Bond : Labour leaders said the British prime minister had not bent to any of their demands. They also fear that any compromise on Brexit could be ripped up under her successor.: In policy circles, heavyweight economists have churned out scathing attacks. I try to look at what makes me have a better chance of getting the forecast right, and I do find some of the ideas useful." In the United States, Congress agrees on a budget. Afterward, it takes a portion back in the form of taxes. What she disagrees with is the reason given. It is a great indicator of potential financial crises." Mr. Biscardi described himself as a libertarian and conservative. Video: Fed Chair Powell Says Concept of MMT Is \'Just Wrong\' Watch on YouTube.] But he is more struck by their similarities rather than their differences. For them, the seminal experience was the scarring inflation of the 1970s. " Johnson is popular with grassroots party members and has long held leadership ambitions. British bookies are already declaring Johnson the favorite to take over from May.', '2019-04-08': 'Facebook \'Are Morally Bankrupt\' Liars, New Zealand\'s Privacy Commissioner Says : John Edwards minced no words in his criticism of Facebook in the wake of the Christchurch shootings. The tech giant "cannot be trusted," he said. A monopoly in the world’s largest cigarette market is no longer enough for China National Tobacco. @ The campaign is also taking place against the backdrop of continuing unrest in the Gaza Strip. @ Beside it was a shower containing an egg timer. Posters everywhere warn against wasting water. @ This is what adapting to climate change looks like. Every president does it, though Mr Trump far more blatantly than most. People need to be informed when they are in contact with an algorithm and not another human being. Any decision made by an algorithm must be verifiable and explained." Who is to trust and who is to be trusted?," He also said that it is not yet clear how future oversight will be handled. Brent crude rose 0.5 per cent in morning trading in Asia to $70.69 a barrel, its highest level this year.', '2019-04-09': 'Trump Administration Cancels Major League Baseball Deal With Cuba : In a reversal of an Obama-era decision, Cuban players will once again have to cut ties with their national program before signing with MLB.New UK divorce law aims to end blame game - CNN : UK divorce law being overhauled to prevent couples playing \'blame game\' : London (CNN)UK divorce laws will change to allow couples to separate without apportioning blame in order to "reduce family conflict," the Ministry of Justice announced Tuesday. Read MoreMacKenzie Bezos will keep 25% of the Bezos\' Amazon stock. Soldiers no longer send messages by coded semaphore. That number would be low even after years of forced deleveraging. While fast-growing, to lenders they are riskier. We’ve been highlighting this as something policymakers should be watching.” @ That trial kicked off in late March and included bonds from four provinces — Zhejiang, Sichuan, Shaanxi and Shandong — and the cities of Beijing and Ningbo. Regulators around the world grounded the jet model after it was involved in two separate fatal crashes that occurred within weeks of each other. We\'re watching the earnings and the drivers of earnings," said Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer of Leuthold Group. The dollar slipped to 111.53 Japanese yen from 111.71 yen late Friday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Here, the latest news seems much improved. All of that now seems feasible, if not yet certain.', '2019-04-10': 'Britain’s economy would be hit seven times harder than the rest of the EU and slip into recession in the event of a no-deal Brexit, the IMF forecast on Tuesday in a special analysis in its flagship World Economic Outlook. @ Growth rates would have fallen further without consumer sentiment holding up strongly. Donald Trump wrote in a tweet on Tuesday. “ Dutton is alleged to have met with Huang when the businessman was seeking Australian citizenship in 2016, and Dutton was immigration minister. CNN has reached out to the office of Santoro for further comment. It\'s not just one of the parties, the activities are across the board." Australia\'s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull speaks at a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra on August 23, 2018. ( Banks and technology companies also lost ground. Gold rose 0.5% to $1,308.30 an ounce, silver was little changed at $15.21 an ounce and copper gained 0.1% to $2.93 a pound. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. That is a risk that the European leaders seem to have provided for. CNN\'s Erin McLaughlin and Luke McGee contributed to this report from Brussels. The measure passed thanks to Labour support.', '2019-04-11': 'Delay Eases The Pressure On Business, For a Time : The extension announced on Wednesday gives the country six more months to figure out a plan to leave the E.U., but firms, especially small ones, fear another impasse. Languedoc Fans, Follow the Producer : The region has always been puzzling to consumers. He was jailed in 2008 for accounting fraud and embezzlement. @ Critics call it a step toward letting the government decide what people see online. Stocks closed higher on Wall Street on Wednesday as solid gains by technology companies helped the market recoup some of its losses from a day earlier. Banks, retailers and homebuilders also notched gains. This is a little bit of an uneasy period because we\'re waiting for earnings to start." The S&P 500 index rose 10.01 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,888.21. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( Erin Griffith contributed reporting from San Francisco. AuthorAffiliation Follow Michael J. de la Merced and Kate Conger on Twitter: @m_delamerced and @kateconger.: People talk about this like there\'s some political aspect. As to how he\'s doing in the process, that I don\'t know. Herman\'s a great guy and I hope he does well." Photograph Fed Chairman Jerome H. Powell cited unexpectedly slowing growth. (', '2019-04-12': 'China Yields On Rail Plan In Malaysia : The government said work on the East Coast Rail Link would resume after its price tag, originally projected at up to $20 billion, was cut nearly in half. The ruling, which did not determine compensation, comes as Monsanto faces lawsuits in the United States over alleged cancer links to its glyphosate-based weedkillers. REUTERS This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. CNN : Why did Ecuador give up Assange after seven years? : Julian Assange: Bond villain or cyber-messiah? Read MoreMore recently, WikiLeaks got personal. The attorney general\'s office has launched an investigation into the allegations. The hearing was then postponed due to translation difficulties. CNN\'s Claudia Rebaza contributed to this story.: A lot of that is you\'re really waiting for earnings season." More stocks rose than fell on the New York Stock Exchange. Financial stocks also held on to their early gains Thursday. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. (: Comparing Uber and Lyft, in four charts.] Still, the prospectus invites new scrutiny. [ Its offering is being led by Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs. But revenue in 2017 had more than doubled from 2016. Uber completes more than 15 million trips a day.', '2019-04-13': 'Bernie Sanders Says Progressive Taxation Would Make His Wealth A Win For Everyone : “If I make a lot of money, you make a lot of money," the senator and 2020 hopeful said of his millionaire status. Farage knows a thing or two about European elections. In 2014, he led his former party to victory in the UK. This uncomfortable reality is dawning on Europeans. Add to this the fact that the Labour Party can smell blood and has been in campaign mode for months. The risk of no deal on a fixed date was causing a lot of anxiety of stress. " He benefited from a criminal justice bill signed by President Trump.: Indexes in Europe and Asia closed broadly higher. In addition to banks, technology, communications and industrial companies helped lift stocks. It wasn\'t as bad as people had expected it might be," he said. Traders were encouraged by JPMorgan\'s quarterly report card. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (: We intend to accelerate activity in Anadarko\'s Permian acreage." [ It will still trail Exxon Mobil, Saudi Aramco and four other national oil companies. And the two companies have worked together on some projects there. " Credit: CLIFFORD KRAUSS; Stanley Reed contributed reporting from London. PHOTOGRAPH BY MARY ALTAFFER/ASSOCIATED PRESS)', '2019-04-14': ': In the never-ending tug-of-war between growth and value investing, growth has lately been the strong-armed winner. But there is no assurance that such a shift will happen soon. Earnings have maxed or exceeded expectations." Stock dividends have been holding their own, however. But doing so carries risks, several strategists say. Because of the strong demand for stocks in companies that display stable growth, and in other high-yield niches like utilities, funds that pay high income have become expensive, with many trading at a premium to the broad stock market, even though they have underperformed, Mr. Porter said. " That could provide a cushion should rates fall. You end up with more cash flow and better results overall." Mr. Powell said this year that he would not resign if the president asked him to. Not get caught up in \'We said this in September,\' or, \'We said this in November,\' but really to say, \'What do we think is right?\' He scratched out bullet points on a notepad and waited for an opportunity to publicly pivot. The Standard & Poor\'s 500-stock index soared 3.4 percent. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. What are they so scared about all of a sudden?" By contrast, "older industries are feeling pressures." What if we had another five years of recovery? There are a lot of different weird ways this could go."', '2019-04-15': ': There has been a divergence on Wall Street. As stocks have approached new highs, expectations for company profits have darkened considerably. Black holes are the undisputed titans of the cosmos. The two sides are in promising discussions in Washington. Well that, to misquote the internet meme, de-escalated quickly. If systems are trained using historical data, they will reproduce historical biases. This is what President Xi Jinping expects to happen. Yet there remain a few others, notably Vietnam. But it is not really exceptional among middle-income countries. Its economy would then be far bigger than those of the US and EU combined. Why, nevertheless, might Chinese communism succeed? The party always frames the national narrative. The Communist party has additional assets. It is impossible to know how this will end. In other words, it drove at least as well as my two teenage learner drivers back home). A ‘Fortunate’ Sanders Releases Tax Returns. In a speech Sunday, former union boss Rinne thanked party members for their hard campaign work. " CNN\'s James Griffiths contributed to this report.: There has been a divergence on Wall Street.', '2019-04-16': ": TECHNOLOGY Tougher E.U. Copyrights Are a Blow to Big Tech Google will have to pay publishers for news snippets and Facebook will have to filter out protected content under new copyright rules aimed at ensuring fair compensation for the European Union's $1 trillion creative industries. The deal is expected to close by the first quarter of next year. It had already resumed supplies to the American market. Reuters This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit Suisse is poised to take majority control of its Chinese investment-banking joint venture, the second major international lender to do so as the country opens up its financial sector to overseas competition. @ China is the most fruitful of these countries. In September 2017, Julian Dunkerton, Superdry’s co-founder, was asked “What would you like to own that you don’t currently possess?” “ Entrepreneurial founders’ desire to succeed is an elemental force. Here are five things that analysts and investors will be looking for. Are central government stimulus measures working? Is Beijing also reverting to its traditional tricks to produce growth? @ The result might then be an economic resurgence. @ C.I.A. Chief Uses Spy Skills to Connect With Trump.", '2019-04-17': 'Just north of Montenegro’s sleepy capital of Podgorica, workers are boring two road tunnels into the mountains that give the country its name. This isn\'t a natural disaster, but it is a disaster either way," he said. " Their resources could come in and take care of the situation and would effectively handle that. Read More"Every person that has been released to us has had a background check and has a health check. They\'re looking to move on to other destinations. Yuma is in the southwest corner of Arizona. CNN\'s Andy Rose and Geneva Sands contributed to this report. It was the highest monthly credit increase since last August. @ “ After imposing tight restrictions on housing transactions and mortgages for the past two years, authorities have begun to relax their grip in an effort to stimulate the economy. @ Credit: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON; Claire Fu contributed research. PHOTOGRAPH BY AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES); A container port in Qingdao in eastern China\'s Shandong Province. ( Markets in Asia and Europe finished higher. The expected decline is due almost entirely to weaker profit margins. The deal requires Apple to pay Qualcomm an undisclosed amount. Benchmark United States crude oil rose 1 percent to settle at $64.05 per barrel. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2019-04-18': "Peace Conference Plans Are Derailed as Taliban Object to Afghan Delegation : Taliban resistance to meeting a delegation with a large number of Afghan government officials forced organizers to postpone indefinitely an event seen as crucial to peace efforts. But the offshore processing centers were highly controversial. That investment has boosted Nauru's economy. Health and welfare services are provided. Over this time, we've seen a humanitarian crisis unfolding. Stocks finished a wobbly day of trading on Wall Street on Wednesday with modest losses that erased most of the market's slight gains from a day earlier. The Nasdaq composite slid 4.15 points, or 0.1 percent, to 7,996.08. It centered on technology that enables iPhones to connect to the internet. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( Credit: ERIN GRIFFITH; Michael de la Merced contributed reporting from London. said Euromonitor retail analyst Michelle Grant. The answer is not too encouraging, and there are two reasons why. And since China’s debt stock is now so large, any sacrifice of financial stability produces more nervousness in Beijing than in the past. A decade ago, that contribution was closer to 45 per cent. But a drive through the area reveals a suburban landscape devoid of life. Some are newly completed, others have sat dormant for more than half a decade. @", '2019-04-19': "High debt levels, little inflation, slowing economic growth, not to mention restive politics — it is a poor combination. China will stabilise but will not be in a position to push global demand. On a cautionary note, though, you have a much-challenged consumer, with household debt-to-GDP crossing 50 per cent and interest payment on debt reaching uncomfortable levels. @ Now it has to manage the US administration’s demand for lower rates. On fixed income, US 10-year Treasury yields should also stay lodged within range. What makes this situation worse is that the European Central Bank has few additional monetary tools at its disposal. Special-situations investing is also where you can make real returns. Private or public  equity, credit or real estate. If you are an allocator, this is where you can look for funds. They exist everywhere: the US, the eurozone, Japan, Hong Kong. Just as making excess returns should be. @ U.S. Court Upholds Most Of California's 'Sanctuary' Migrant Laws : The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco largely affirmed a July ruling from a lower court. Here are four tips for taxpayers to consider.", '2019-04-20': "High debt levels, little inflation, slowing economic growth, not to mention restive politics — it is a poor combination. China will stabilise but will not be in a position to push global demand. On a cautionary note, though, you have a much-challenged consumer, with household debt-to-GDP crossing 50 per cent and interest payment on debt reaching uncomfortable levels. @ Now it has to manage the US administration’s demand for lower rates. On fixed income, US 10-year Treasury yields should also stay lodged within range. What makes this situation worse is that the European Central Bank has few additional monetary tools at its disposal. Special-situations investing is also where you can make real returns. Private or public  equity, credit or real estate. If you are an allocator, this is where you can look for funds. They exist everywhere: the US, the eurozone, Japan, Hong Kong. Just as making excess returns should be. @ U.S. Court Upholds Most Of California's 'Sanctuary' Migrant Laws : The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco largely affirmed a July ruling from a lower court. Here are four tips for taxpayers to consider.", '2019-04-21': 'Comedian Volodymyr Zelenskiy Easily Wins Ukrainian Presidential Race: Exit Poll : Zelenskiy\'s apparent landslide victory is a bitter blow for incumbent Petro Poroshenko. Television comedian and political newbie Volodymyr Zelensky\xa0was on track to cause a political upset, with recent polls, ahead of Sunday, suggesting an overwhelming lead over incumbent Petro Poroshenko. Ukraine is one of Europe\'s poorest countries, with a growing number of people emigrating for better economic opportunities. But it may be too little, too late for Ukrainians exhausted from a five-year proxy war with Russia. The conflict has claimed almost 13,000 lives, with at least 3,321 civilian deaths, according to\xa0the United Nations. Poroshenko\'s government responded by imposing martial law and warning of impending Russian invasion. I\'m just an ordinary person who has come to break the system. I\'m the result of your mistakes and promises. " I am not ashamed to say it openly -- this opponent is Putin. Chief among those advisors are former finance minister Oleksandr Danylyuk; former economic development and trade minister Aivaras Abromavicius; and lawmaker and anti-corruption campaigner Sergii Leshchenko. If Medicare for all means Medicare rates, expect an industry backlash.', '2019-04-22': 'Judge Upholds Murder Conviction After Juror Claimed It Was Tainted : One juror accused other jurors of misconduct in the trial of the man convicted of killing Ms. Vetrano, whose body was found in a Queens park. Events, however, have not played out quite as expected. That has given the White House some bragging rights on the world stage. “ and [now] the jobs numbers and the inflation numbers and the investment numbers all look good!” @ Trump administration officials had debated the move. Why Australia  Soured on Idea Of Immigrants : With its largest cities struggling to manage growth and after years of anti-immigrant rhetoric from politicians, most Australians now say their country no longer needs more people. What is the fastest growing part of the American economy today? That category has a two-year growth rate of 24 per cent. Instead the price increases are likely due to domestic firms exploiting their market power." Or, as the authors calculate, $817,000 per job. For a few thousand workers, those tariffs, across administrations, have been a boon. The move is just the latest effort to ratchet up pressure on Iran. The decision was first reported by the Washington Post. It will not be a straightforward decision. @', '2019-04-23': 'Chinese stocks fell on Monday amid concerns that Beijing may renew a campaign against shadow banking that contributed to a heavy sell-off across the market last year. @ The purge made China the worst-performing major stock market in 2018. After popping the champagne, Zelensky faces some serious tasks. And Russian President Vladimir Putin is reserving judgment. The coalition that sent the letter to Mr Trump on Monday included the National Retail Federation, the American Chemistry Council, the Consumer Technology Association, the Information Technology Industry Council, the National Fisheries Institute and the US-China Business Council. It recently said its cash reserve was "sufficient." Tesla introduced Autopilot in October 2015. It tracks lines on highways to stay within lanes. Yet it has come under scrutiny in at least four fatal crashes. But four years later, Roosevelt pulled back on those programs. American factories ramped up production of tanks, machine guns and fighter planes. Americans had more children, fueling what would later become known as the Baby Boom. Computerized trading, which was still relatively new, was partly to blame. A man tries a virtual reality game inside a 360-degree projection dome. The shares will be sold on the Nasdaq exchange. The big fear now and perhaps the markets\' next significant catalyst, will Iran retaliate with force?" Those regulations are currently being developed.', '2019-04-24': 'By Matt Phillips ______ The economy is softening, profit growth is slowing, and a trade war between the United States and China is grinding on. The S&P 500 rose to a record on Tuesday, surpassing a high last set in September. There is a clear reason for this change in tune. That support has touched almost every corner of the market. Speculative small caps, economically sensitive cyclical stocks, time-tested industrials, towering tech giants have all gained. From a fundamental perspective, it\'s difficult to justify." I think we\'ve made the easy money," she said. Photograph Jerome H. Powell, chairman of the Federal Reserve. PHOTOGRAPH BY MANDEL NGAN/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES) (B2) CHARTS: Percentage change in the S&P 500 (Source: Refinitiv) (B1); The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( I actually think it works better here than it does in the east and west. At the end of 2009 the equivalent figure stood at $218bn. At first glance, the stack of medicine pumps might bear little resemblance to the flight deck of a modern aircraft. The hope is that they can process this information with fewer mistakes than humans. Overall, global emissions are up by 60 per cent.', '2019-04-25': ': FRANKFURT -- President Trump\'s trade war was supposed to make Europeans feel so much pain they would beg for mercy at the negotiating table. Some industries, notably manufacturers of heavy equipment, may have even profited. They have probably hurt the United States economy more than the intended targets. So they simply wind up paying the tariffs of 10 percent on aluminum and 25 percent on steel and passing the extra cost on to American consumers. " At the same time, the trade war is having a significant psychological impact. The first and most important crisis is economic. On the contrary, output per hour in the UK lags behind that of Ireland, Belgium, the US, Denmark, Netherlands, Germany, France, Switzerland, Singapore, Sweden, Austria, Australia, Finland and Canada. High employment and low unemployment are good news. But stagnant productivity means stagnant real incomes per head. This means that one group can only get better off if another does worse. A long period of fiscal tightening has made it unhappier. @ Impacts are also being felt in Asia beyond China. A similar drag stems from market dynamics. The business staved off collapse in 2011. We are in very successful co-operation with Chinese partners. @I find it amazing how quickly conventional wisdom about new technology can harden. Putin offers Russian citizenship to Ukrainians in separatist-held areas - CNN : Putin offers Russian citizenship to Ukrainians in separatist-held areas', '2019-04-26': 'China has accused France of “illegally entering Chinese waters” after a French naval vessel sailed through the Taiwan Strait earlier this month, in an escalation of its rhetoric that highlights rising tensions over the status of the island nation that Beijing claims as its territory. @ Will a trade deal be reached between the US and China? It would be remarkable if China were to accept and abide by such humiliating terms. From the top down, defiance levels are rising. @ Achaogen is not a company most people have heard of. Four candidates have taken part in TV debates. From left to right, PP leader Pablo Casado, PSOE Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, Ciudadanos leader Albert Rivera and Unidas Podemos leader Pablo Iglesias. Get the Bits newsletter for the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry. Credit: KATE CONGER; Erin Griffith contributed reporting. The height of extreme waves grew by 30 centimeters (12 inches), or 5%. Thirty years is too short to be conclusive about it." ": That helped the Nasdaq eke out a small gain. A resident told CNN that they heard the early morning explosion. "', '2019-04-27': 'N.R.A. President to Step Down, As a Leadership Crisis Deepens : Oliver L. North announced that he would not serve a second term as the N.R.A. deals with bitter infighting and a new inquiry into its tax-exempt status. Putin won\'t criticize Saudis on Khashoggi killing. Or take the Philippines, a traditional ally (and former colony) of the United States. The answer, most close Russia-watchers say, is no. Sometimes those actions may have full official sanction, and sometimes they may not.: Both indexes also set record highs on Tuesday. The Dow rose 81.25 points, or 0.3 percent, to 26,543.33. In the months since, those concerns have eased or taken a back seat to more optimism among investors about the prospects for steady economic growth. American companies are about a third of the way through their latest round of quarterly reports. On Friday, gains in financial, health care and other sectors offset losses in technology and energy stocks. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( Vox has not yet responded to CNN\'s request for comment. We face a battle for Europe\'s soul at the European elections in May," he added.: Equity markets started to get more confident, and then I think a lot of other people did too." Perhaps the most important factor in the turnaround: the Federal Reserve. You have no choice but to try to save costs where you can."', '2019-04-28': "Cyclone Pounds Mozambique, Washing Out Roads and Killing at Least 5 : Three days after the deadly storm made landfall in the southern African country, torrential flooding led to power cuts and evacuations in a northern city. The only certainty seemed to be more fragmentation. Other experts say the vehicles are a few years from road readiness, at least.) News From the Fed The Federal Reserve will meet on Wednesday to decide whether to change interest rates, but don't hold your breath. Might that prompt the Fed to rethink its interest rate outlook? This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Jonathan Holslag of the Free University of Brussels is firmly in this camp. These are bad times for most journalists. Advertisers have migrated to Google and Facebook. @ The New York Times, Washington Post, Guardian, New Yorker and Atlantic have been setting records. Meanwhile, the FT has just registered its millionth paying reader – the most in its 131-year history. The slow death of local newspapers (the traditional early warning system for anything brewing outside court) meant that we missed the anger in Sunderland and Ohio. It is also unclear where the new money will come from. We ask how much are [the companies] actually spending on user acquisition? Despite the glory of our achievements, there are still mountains that must be scaled.” @ It is not just the spooks who are spooked. Australia has sided with Washington, banning Huawei.", '2019-04-29': 'American big business, frustrated in its attempts to limit class action lawsuits at home, is now attempting to derail efforts to give European consumers similar legal redress against corporate misconduct like Volkswagen’s emissions scandal. @ Policymakers took this step because they were unhappy that VW’s customers in Europe were treated differently from those in the US. But most other EU citizens do not have the ability to club together. But attacks and mistrust of vaccinations make that goal unlikely. White House Reviews Moore’s Opinion Pieces As Senate Support Falls : President Trump’s presumptive nominee to the Fed has written numerous opinion pieces questioning the role of women and suggesting they should not earn more than men. The space race spawned, among other innovations, improved fire-resistant clothing, freeze-dried food technology, rescue blankets, and even the Dustbuster portable cordless vacuum cleaner (the unlikely fruit of a computer program to cut the power consumption of lunar drills). @ Behind the scenes lobby groups control regulation and twist it for their own purposes  trade deals are stacked against workers  the media cannot be trusted  democracy risks becoming nothing more than a sham contest between oligarchs. @ The disparity between what was promised and what happened was glaring,” he writes of the period. We are committed to supporting open, clean and green development and rejecting protectionism.” @', '2019-04-30': 'Venice Beach Will Lose Longstanding Sculpture : The 60-foot-tall sculpture, a popular meeting point for nearly two decades, will be dismantled and moved by the end of the year unless Los Angeles finds a way to keep it. But economic stagnation is as much a driver of violence as politics. Both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq closed at record highs. This is just digesting the big move we had earlier in the year." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Expectation is rising that China will allow international players with a WFOE licence to launch public funds to be sold to the mass market in 2021.Venture capital funding into financial technology slumped in the first quarter, with China taking the worst hit with investment into the sector almost halving from the previous quarter. @ It was valued at $ 47 billion in an investment this year. But those ambitions have come at a steep cost. A spokesman for WeWork declined to comment. But it is not clear whether the strategy will work or is even feasible. The company has also struggled with quality problems. We spent hours and hours and days and days on the process," Mr. Shah said. " About 50 per cent of its business is based in China. As government subsidies fall, its shares could too. Bullish analysts expect over double this. Hydrogen fuel cells are better for bigger, heavier loads over longer distances.', '2019-05-01': ': Wall Street capped a day of mostly wobbly trading with meager gains Tuesday, enough to nudge the S&P 500 to an all-time high for the third straight day. Retailers and hospitality industry companies also fell. While the numbers have been good, there still remains a cautious tone in the market." 1 thing people were worried about," Bell said. AP Business Writer Damian J. Troise contributed to this report. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( I guess somebody is saying we are going to double the amount money we spend on infrastructure. Of course, there may be new revenue streams. "" Get the Bits newsletter for the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry.] The motion was called by Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn. Now it\'s time for real action to tackle climate change. Any other Labour member would have been suspended after this. He is completely unfit to lead the Labour Party.: The company has major assets in the Gulf of Mexico, Colorado, Mozambique, Algeria and Ghana. I would definitely be thinking about taking out insurance in that regard." Photograph Jerome H. Powell, the Fed chairman.', '2019-05-02': 'Campaign of Ideas, Getting Bigger and Bigger : Ms. Warren has hired about 50 people in Iowa, giving her a head start at organizing for next year’s caucuses. Why Wages Are Finally Rising, 10 Years After the Recession : Lagging pay in a lengthy recovery defied the usual logic. I put to you the latest information from the investigation, which provides compelling evidence suggesting your responsibility for the unauthorised disclosure,” the prime minister wrote. “ The Nasdaq composite index dropped 45.75 points, or 0.6 percent, to 8,049.64. The Fed raised rates seven times over 2017 and 2018. The Fed said "economic activity rose at a solid rate." But the trajectory for stocks and bonds changed course as Mr. Powell fielded questions from reporters. Only real estate stocks eked out a slight gain. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. (: We don\'t see a strong case for moving in either direction." The best prescription right now is for them to stand by, stand pat." Chinese Tourists Flock  To Lake Baikal, Siberia.', '2019-05-03': 'Cyclone Fani Slams Into Eastern India With 124 MPH Winds : The storm has brought down trees and power lines and “extensively” damaged the tourist town of Puri. CNN reached out to her office but have not received a response. They were meant to be humorous and they weren\'t," he continued. I know there are a number of other colleagues that have spoken out as well." PHOTOGRAPH BY TOM WILLIAMS/CQ ROLL CALL, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A16): Energy stocks led a broad slide Thursday on Wall Street as oil and gas prices fell, handing the market its second straight loss. Major indexes in Europe finished mostly lower. Yet workers\' paychecks were growing only sluggishly, barely outpacing inflation. The recent gains are going to those who need it most. It appears as if that is exactly what is happening. Mr. Ozimek sees no reason that history can\'t repeat. It\'s because the labor market dynamics have changed." The bill passed the state Senate 22-18 and the state House 68-45. The debut surge has a tinge of disappointment for Beyond Meat because it suggests that the company could have raised much more money from investors.', '2019-05-04': 'Brexit fatigue is making Britain a weird place to live - CNN : Brexit disaster is making Britain a weird place to live in : London (CNN)Brexit is exhausting. Huawei has repeatedly denied the accusations. After all, this is a matter of national interest. ( Yet even those leaks would once have been regarded as unusual, if not deserving of dismissal. And as May\'s authority dims, ministers\' impunity grows. I actually think that\'s stunning," Ryan said. " But I think that\'s stunningly out of touch with where we are right now. The unemployment rate sank to 3.6 percent. We are the ENVY of the WORLD -- and the best is yet to come!" This report should put those fears to bed -- at least for the time being. " Despite the bright picture over all, there were pockets of weakness. Here\'s a primer on where the numbers come from and what they mean.] " They\'ve moved up significantly in terms of skills." Among them are upgraded cafeterias, day care, and subsidies for essentials like gas and parking. Somebody else has called with a better offer. Photograph A job fair in Miami last month. and having an inflation surge (a worker shortage should mean employers bidding up wages, right?). Compare that reality with the projections the Federal Reserve published just three years ago. In the 2014 election, the youngest voters turned out in large numbers for Prime Minister Narendra Modi.', '2019-05-05': 'We are struggling to get the best out of data. Too much gets collected, not enough gets used. When it does, it is in ways that can harm both individuals and our societies and democracies. We want data to be used to deliver personalised services, to make scientific discoveries, and to inform business planning and government policymaking. We distrust the organisations that collect it. @ The current attempts to enable the benefits of data to be distributed more fairly are not going smoothly. For a newly elected Democrat, it was an unusual way to make your mark. The proposal, which he says prompted a fierce backlash from within his own party, reflects a fear that both fellow Democrats and Republicans are giving up on any attempt to\xa0 curb the budget deficit. “ In our case the course of least resistance is deficit spending.” @ He also knows that I am with him & does not want to break his promise to me. We cannot now shrug our shoulders and say it\'s all too difficult," she wrote. " We have to find a way to break the deadlock.', '2019-05-06': 'Markets React to Trump’s Tariffs Threat : The president injected new fears into global markets that had been reassured by growth in China and the United States and by prospects of a trade pact. You want your children to live in a world that supports wild elephants, giraffes, rhinos, bees, pangolins ... and, of course, human life, too. And we\'re much more aware of the problem." The warnings intensify -- as they did Monday. Here\'s your cheat sheet for the offering. ____________________________ Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are leading the offering. Here\'s what keeps Uber up at night: Employees. And, um, restaurants and delivery companies? At $ 50 per share, that is worth $ 11.1 billion. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Asian markets opened broadly lower on Monday. They hurt the people that impose them just as much as people they are imposed on." But paying interest and principal on the offshore debt could prove much more difficult. @ “ Some financiers might roll their eyes at this. Take Tajikistan (a country where I used to live). It used to rely on the World Bank, IMF and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development for loans. Until now, this process has been ad hoc, bilateral and secretive.', '2019-05-07': ': President Trump\'s renewed threat to increase tariffs on Chinese imports upended investor expectations about progress toward a trade deal on Monday, making for a volatile day on Wall Street. We do know the market had priced in the fact that the deal was just about to be done and signed." [ Read more about the president\'s latest threat and China\'s reaction.] But the strategy is not without risks for American investors. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( If people call back, they’re connected to a number that charges per-minute fees. Any weakening of economic activity could boost default rates and lead to credit-related contractions to employment and investment among these businesses." A final trade agreement could still be reached. New tariffs could derail that progress. " No other president has had the guts to take on the China challenge." Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. Jeanna Smialek contributed reporting from Washington, and Matt Phillips from New York. The renminbi hit its lowest level against the dollar since January. Biden Has the Support of Older Black Voters, but Will It Be Enough? :', '2019-05-08': 'Times Company Reports Growth in Digital Readers and Advertising : The company’s first-quarter results showed total paid subscriptions reaching 4.5 million. Online ad revenue rose 19 percent, to $55 million, thanks in part to “The Daily,” a podcast. But such promises have not always panned out. Toxic Speech Derails Politicians in Australia. Morning Edition : The New York Times obtained tax numbers from 1985 to 1994. Australia is being devastated by climate change. - The Greens have long campaigned for action but remain a minor party without the numbers to govern. The questions are what, when -- and crucially -- how much is it going to cost? JUST WATCHEDUndeniable climate change factsReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHUndeniable climate change facts 02:24No clear climate policyAustralia is getting hotter. On paper, at least, the country is taking action. Prime Minister Scott Morrison insists Australia will meet its Paris Agreement targets. But in this election politics might also help. That cut the job creation prospects, too. Of course, that would take money, time and political will. Employers would probably not hire you.” @ Is this the beginning of a renewed, broader bout of financial turbulence, or just a pause in the roaring 2019 bull run? @', '2019-05-09': ': It has all the elements of a classic Trump tale: intervention with an otherwise heartless company, a saved factory in the heartland, and assurances that old-school manufacturing jobs would be preserved. On Wednesday, the factory in question was the General Motors plant in Lordstown, Ohio. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING." It is hoping to win a contract to supply delivery vehicles to the United States Postal Service. Its stock price increased by more than 200 percent on Wednesday to close at $ 2.65. The protests garnered support from several candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination, including Senators Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Kamala Harris of California. But that windfall will largely skip the drivers. Get the Bits newsletter for the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry. Credit: KATE CONGER, VICKY XIUZHONG XU and ZACH WICHTER; Jamie Condliffe, Adam Satariano and Noam Scheiber contributed reporting. They chanted, "Uber, Uber, you must listen. Major stock indexes in Europe closed with modest gains. Utilities, banks, internet companies and technology stocks accounted for much of the slide. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The American economy has not been working well for many of its citizens. That increase was in line with expectations from economists polled by Reuters. @ But Donald Trump bears much of the responsibility.', '2019-05-10': "From Antiques to Backpacks and Christmas Lights, Consumers Will Feel the Pinch : Tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods are rising to 25 percent from 10 percent, meaning that consumers could bear the brunt of higher costs. I have no idea what’s going to happen,” Mr Trump said, adding: “We’re going to find out about China tonight. ” They then slipped\xa0into negative territory following the lunch break as the deadline to halt the imposition of new tariffs passed without resolution. President Trump is not in the same class as those two. According to the royal family's official website, the program of the visit can vary. His 2018 working visit sparked protests involving over 250,000 people in London and other cities. A trial — rare in comedy — had been set for this month. The Nasdaq composite slid 32.73 points, or 0.4 percent, to 7,910.59. Major indexes in Europe and Asia also finished lower. Raw material producers also took heavy losses. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. (", '2019-05-11': ': Over the past decade, Uber changed urban transportation, disrupted entrenched taxi industries, defied regulators the world over and beat back questions about how it was altering the nature of work. Read more about why Uber\'s dismal showing is a rare event on Wall Street.] Uber\'s debut was also marred by a volatile stock market. But this is an incredibly resilient company." So we\'re going to focus on building our mass, and building our scale. By 2014, the company had moved from noun to verb. His motto has been to always "do the right thing. Here\'s one man who has driven for Uber since 2012. Credit: MIKE ISAAC; Kate Conger and Stephen Grocer contributed reporting. Hard Line May Help as Election Nears : The president’s recent statements suggest he now believes that demonstrating his toughness with China and walking away from a deal might well put him in a better position politically than signing one.: After dropping more than 1.5 percent early in the day, the S&P 500 clawed back those losses and had gained 0.4 percent by the close of trading. This is the biggest story that\'s hanging over it." China said it would respond with unspecified countermeasures. Source: Refinitiv); Consumer Prices: Percent change, month to month, seasonally adjusted. ( But those nations are pushing back against Mr. Trump. China sees some of the demands as infringing on its sovereignty.', '2019-05-12': 'Joe Biden\'s Rivals In Democratic Race Reject His ‘Middle Ground’ On Climate Policy : The former vice president’s approach drew criticism from Washington Gov. Jay Inslee (D), as well as Sens. He voted for NAFTA," Sanders said last month. In two weeks, voters across the Union will elect 751 Members of the European Parliament. Historically, turnout in these elections is low. The small numbers that vote often do so to register their protest. If they all do well... some might join it (Salvini\'s block), because there is an incentive to join a bigger group. But, as De Vries explains, it\'s sometimes more subtle. And this is where it all gets a bit complicated for Brussels. The question is how far will those concessions go? How much will the mainstream give to the populists?" Pakistan Says It Will Accept  I.M.F. Bailout Of $6 Billion : Prime Minister Imran Khan had opposed any bailout before taking office, but has since reluctantly embraced the need for a rescue with Pakistan’s economy facing a crisis.: His new job at a plastics manufacturing plant covers the bills and pays good overtime. Sign up for our politics newsletter and join our conversation about the 2020 presidential race.] Do I have a feeling he could get re-elected? People will vote for somebody they don\'t like if they think it\'s good for them." Credit: JEREMY W. PETERS; Ben Casselman contributed reporting.', '2019-05-13': 'Pakistan and IMF negotiators have reached an agreement on a $6bn loan for the country, the finance ministry said last night. @ There will be adjustments involved but we will try to make certain that the extent of pain on low-income people is minimal.” @ Bitcoin was hovering above $7,000 on Monday after climbing to a nine-month high over the weekend. @ The only thing worse than a bad US-China trade deal would be none at all. But it would nevertheless have been better than further deterioration. @ Even that insipid outcome now looks to be in jeopardy. Mr Trump believes he has more cards to play than the Chinese. North Korea, China, Iran, Cuba, Venezuela: America currently has disputes with a lot of countries. The collapse of Lehman Brothers was another. @ Once more into the trade war breach we go — with tweets threatening new tariffs . We’re an agriculture state and we depend on exports\u2009. Slack\'s Class A common stock will receive one vote per share, while Class B will be entitled to 10 votes per share. Disclosure: Comcast Ventures, the venture arm of Comcast, is an investor in Slack. Comcast owns CNBC parent company NBCUniversal.: And American businesses and consumers stand to pay the price." But officials did not say who was to blame.', '2019-05-14': ': Marriott International made a down payment of sorts on a sweeping overhaul of the Sheraton brand last year, buying the Sheraton Grand Phoenix for $ 255 million to remake it into a prototype for the new face of the brand. There will be adjustable tables in lieu of desks, updated lighting and multiple seating options. But creating a consistent brand identity will take time. The issue is really brand inconsistency." We\'re not shying away from or trying to pretend this is a new brand," Ms. Edmundson said. " The brand has roughly 200 hotels in the United States and 250 or so overseas, in big cities, suburbs, airports and resort destinations. That gives the consumer, the guest, lots of options." They have a huge market share of the hospitality marketplace. Systems are recovering after a global Sabre outage impacting multiple airlines," the JetBlue statement said. " JetBlue customers may experience longer lines in some airports this morning. CNN\'s Gianluca Mezzofiore, Aaron Cooper and Athena Jones contributed to this report. It was a friendly opening that seemed to hint at a thaw after months of tensions. The question now is how Trump and Putin will take this forward. Companies in trade-sensitive sectors like agriculture and semiconductor manufacturing were particularly hard hit. In the stock market, the damage required less interpretation. We basically did a year\'s worth of gains in four months\' time.":', '2019-05-15': 'China has struck back at US accusations that it reneged on trade commitments, saying it was Washington that repeatedly tried to change the terms of the negotiations midway through the talks. @ violates promises is absolutely not on the Chinese head. ” The metaphorical dangers posed by eggs and a single wicker container are well rehearsed. These levies could be imposed by the end of June. Global markets have sold off on concerns of a spillover effect. @ The nature of their unhappiness is very different. And it\'s like Blockbuster saying, \'no, this is the only way to watch videos. A lot of things that we as consumers value go away." That allowed sites like Zillow and Redfin to flourish. I do the exact same thing, I just charge less, and try to be transparent about it." Such refunds also remain illegal in ten states.) " Why is this traditional method by and large the most popular one?" Realtors have several responses to this contention. Guy does think there should be more transparency, however.) How the Taliban Infiltrated a Key Afghan Army Base. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. (', '2019-05-16': 'Weary Middle East Rolls Its Eyes, and Wrings Its Hands : A sudden profusion of incidents and warnings has stirred fears that the Trump administration is trying to gin up a flawed case for war, like the Bush administration did in Iraq in 2003.‘No Match’ Notices Roil Industries That Rely on Undocumented Workers : The Social Security Administration has mailed “no-match letters” to more than 570,000 employers since March, sending shock waves through industries that rely on undocumented workers. Trump’s Other Businesses Offset Drop at Mar-a-Lago : Revenues were down about 4 percent compared with 2017. But much of what Germany sends China amounts to the piece parts of China\'s industrial apparatus -- car parts, engines, electrical machinery and other gear folded into factory operations. You have growth being very feeble again." The unemployment rate sits at 3.6 percent, its lowest level in half a century. Perhaps that represents his lobbying for lower rates. Things are looking more disconcerting for sure. The market plunged Monday, bounced back Tuesday and seesawed Wednesday. But the company has not been immune to strain. Follow Raymond Zhong on Twitter: @zhonggg. I think this is quite an extraordinary statement coming from a French president. It shows that he must have reflected on this issue for quite some time. But on a continent where not everything goes well all of the time, it could pan out rather differently. @', '2019-05-17': 'After Protests, Putin Halts Cathedral Project : Workers in Yekaterinburg had fenced off a park, setting off clashes. Low Taxes, High Impact: So What’s the Catch? : The Fed strives to achieve full employment and stable price increases around 2 percent annually. That\'s equivalent to a little more than one rate cut that we\'ve taken off the table." Given the shaky backdrop, the Fed is engaging in a yearlong review of its own policy strategies. In effect, the Fed may have unnecessarily muted inflation. We need to own up to the fact that we\'re responsible. PHOTOGRAPH BY CLIFF OWEN/ASSOCIATED PRESS)Brexit talks collapse after Theresa May and Labour fail to reach deal - CNN : Brexit talks collapse after Theresa May and Labour Party fail to reach deal : London (CNN)Brexit talks between British Prime Minister Theresa May\'s government and the opposition Labour Party have broken down, pitching the UK further into political disarray. The world\'s biggest telecommunications equipment supplier and No. 2 smartphone seller relies on dozens of American tech companies for key components. Shares in Qualcomm, whose sales to Huawei account for less than 10% of its revenue, closed down 4% on Thursday in New York. Shannon Liao and Serenitie Wang contributed to this article.', '2019-05-18': 'In Washington, on Wall Street and in corporate boardrooms, Beijing has used the country\'s size and promise for decades to quell opposition and reward those who helped its rise. Call it the ABC supply chain, as in "anywhere but China." Companies that complained could be left out. It still grows at a pace that developed countries envy. But its economy has slowed significantly from rates that as recently as 2010 topped 10 percent a year. And Cummins builds engines at factories in Beijing, Chongqing, Hefei, Liuzhou, Xi\'an and Xiangyang. " China needs those chips for its technology upgrades. China has options besides tariffs, but they have disadvantages as well. But it would saddle China with large losses. Beijing would have to find someplace else to park the money. For now, domestic politics seem more important in China, with the leadership and the general public reacting angrily to what is portrayed in the country as peremptory American demands. " Luz Ding and Elsie Chen contributed research. Earlier in the day, it had been down as much as 0.8 percent and up as much as 0.3 percent. Major European indexes closed broadly lower. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( These are shameful images," he said referring to the video. " I want to express my deep regret for the things that happened more than two years ago.', '2019-05-19': "Europe’s Election Will Gauge Populism’s Power : A new scandal in Austria that led to the collapse of the coalition government there served as a reminder that Russia has deep ties to many populist parties. Driven to Despair : Thousands of immigrants who were chasing the dream of owning a New York taxi were trapped in reckless loans by bankers who made huge profits, The Times found. Don’t Ask About  His Client (Or Son) : The treasury secretary’s father, a New York art dealer, paid a record price last week for a work by a living artist. But for whom?Non-E.U. Switzerland Votes to Tighten Firearms Laws to Align With E.U. Rules : Swiss voters agreed on Sunday to tighten the country’s gun laws in order to comply with European Union legislation that came into force following terrorist attacks in Paris and elsewhere. Modi Appears Headed for Another Term as India’s Leader : Mr. Modi, one of India’s most powerful and divisive leaders in decades, seems to have emerged relatively unscathed from complaints about joblessness and distress on farms. In Australia, Voters Didn’t Prioritize Green Issues : On Saturday, in a result that stunned most analysts, voters re-elected the conservative coalition that has long resisted plans to sharply cut down on carbon emissions and coal. Anger Grows Against Construction Of New Machu Picchu Airport : The international airport will feature multiple runways to accommodate more travelers, despite the historical site's threat from overcrowding.", '2019-05-20': 'Foreign companies operating or selling in China bucked the country’s slowdown trend last year, even as the world’s second-largest economy appears to have decelerated more than official figures suggest. @ The pain is not evenly spread, however, as a Financial Times data analysis shows. @ Data from internet search giant Baidu offers an alternative view. @ That trend has widened over time, accelerating rapidly from 2012 onwards. @ Additional reporting by Yizhen Jia in Shanghai and Yasemin Craggs Mersinoglu in London @ Additional graphics development by Ændrew Rininsland @ What off the beaten track indicators should we be looking at to gauge China’s economic health? We’d like to hear your thoughts in the comments below. But this positive tale could now be changing. It is unclear what particular theme could propel shares much higher from here. For investors though, the outlook is murkier. The hardest thing for a hegemonic power is to see its dominance wane. Washington’s ally found the psychological adjustment long and painful. Around 900m people were eligible to cast ballots during the mammoth process. @ But President Trump has lost little of his support there. We demand the world\'s decision-makers take responsibility and solve this crisis," he said. Max Foster reported and Sheena McKenzie wrote from London. Read MoreGiven Kickl hasn\'t voluntarily stepped', '2019-05-21': 'Airline Mechanics Get Deal : After almost seven years of negotiations, the union reached an agreement with the airline that gives its members $160 million in back pay and raises of 20 percent. He never met one, but he believed, gaining renown. But the situation may now be out of his control. The survey comprised responses from 585 European groups. It represents an opening salvo in an emerging new US-China cold war. CNN has seen the written motion sent to parliament. We do not know for sure who this woman is, whether she is Russian, therefore this is a story that does not and cannot have anything to do with us. " Denise Hruby reported from Vienna and Stephanie Halasz reported from London.: The base Model 3 sedan now costs about $ 35,000. Solid consumer spending and a construction boom helped the economy grow by 0.4 percent in the January-March period after contracting slightly in last year\'s third quarter and stagnating in the fourth quarter. AP This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Half of all failing water systems in the state are in the San Joaquin Valley. Superstar Cities Lose Their Pull : Metropolitan areas long offered work and wages that drew job seekers.', '2019-05-22': "Move to Repeal Authorization of Military Force : For the first time in years, there’s a glimmer of hope for lawmakers intent on repealing a 9/11 era measure that has been stretched to enable open-ended warfare. Hikvision shares fell as much as 10 per cent, the daily limit, in Shenzhen to touch the lowest intraday level since October. It paints a completely inaccurate picture of our approach to tackling poverty. That spurred inflation and contributed to a decline in the value of people's paychecks. I stayed in Cabinet to shape and fight for Brexit. It is with great regret and a heavy heart that I have decided to resign from the Government. The move is designed to cut plastic waste. How flu spreadsMost people with influenza don't die from the virus. But the severity of the illness can depend on a number of factors, including age and what medical care is available. Because a lot of the times you really need good, supportive care. Diagnosing illnesses in children can pose particular challenges, Zachariah says. CNN's Madeline Holcombe, Rosa Flores, Priscilla Alvarez and Tina Burnside contributed to this report. Austerity Program in Britain Has Inflicted ‘Great Misery,’ Says U.N. Poverty Expert : In a scathing final report on the impact of budget cuts in Britain, an expert on extreme poverty compared the overhauls to the Victorian workhouse system. The company said it would appeal the ruling.", '2019-05-23': 'A federal judge has handed a defeat to Donald Trump, ruling that the US president could not prevent Deutsche Bank and Capital One from providing financial records to investigators in Congress. @ 🤷🏻\u200d♀️ #EuElection2019 pic.twitter.com/kG3PpRaVkD— Lina Dencik (@LinaDencik) May 23, 2019 Emeline Mimie Morin, a French national who lectures at the University of Stirling in central Scotland, who has lived in the UK for 10 years, said her inability to vote amounted to "disenfranchisement." She had also called a helpline number provided, she said. " I asked where this form was so that I could fill it and this would not happen again. In normal circumstances, the latter would stand beside it. His focus on bilateral trade balances may even be relatively manageable. Worse, a large proportion of Americans shares a deepening hostility not just to China’s behaviour, but to the fact of a rising China. @ The environmental consequences are becoming plainer by the day. Is it that global cities like London are doing so well, and other places are doing so badly? We plan to draw on a wide range of views from economics to demography, history, philosophy, politics, epidemiology and sociology. @ Is Britain also at risk from this failure of democratic capitalism? @ In his constituency, though, the mix cuts both ways. The delay may have contributed to the deaths of two climbers.', '2019-05-24': 'The Next Best Thing to Having a Billionaire Pay for School : The number of 529 accounts has grown in the past few years. Topping the list: Elon Musk, with a $2.3 billion package. Read more about the impact of trade war fears on the semiconductor sector.] The selling wasn\'t just confined to sectors closely tied to trade. Yields on government bonds declined, as investors parked their money safe assets. Bond prices and yields move in opposite directions. PHOTOGRAPH BY FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP -- GETTY IMAGES) CHARTS: The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( You know what some people call us -- the nasty party," May said. But her decision to do so, it turned out, was a masterstroke in triangulation. The opposition Labour Party took advantage. The fire that ripped through Grenfell Tower in London left 72 people dead and a community shattered. The political atmosphere in the country was becoming febrile. Theresa May with European leaders in Brussels. To all our friends across Europe still campaigning, this one is for you too! Imagine sitting in a chair made from fungus. Would it smell earthy, like soil, or musty like a forest after a summer downpour? Most important, would it survive the knocks of daily domestic life? @', '2019-05-25': 'Iran Slams ‘Extremely Dangerous’ U.S. Troop Deployment : Tehran responded with a threat of “two new secret weapons” after the Trump administration pushed ahead with arms sales and promised to deploy extra forces. Trading has been volatile since the dispute escalated this month, with each side raising tariffs on the other\'s goods. Rising yields lift interest rates on loans, which makes lending more profitable. Today you\'re just seeing a rebound, really almost across the board, so that tells you yesterday everything was just being sold with no rhyme or reason," said Ben Phillips, chief investment officer at EventShares. Small-company stocks fared better than the rest of the market. Major stock indexes in Europe finished broadly higher. Markets in the United States will be closed Monday in observance of Memorial Day. The index is down 4.1 percent so far in May, though it is still 12.7 percent higher for the year. The sector eked out a tiny gain on Friday. Consumer staples, which include beverage and packaged-food makers, declined the most. Utilities also fell as traders shifted their money into riskier holdings. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (', '2019-05-26': 'Trump Opens Tokyo Visit With a Tweet About North Korea : President Trump played down North Korea’s recent tests of short-range ballistic missiles, undercutting declarations by both Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the president’s own national security adviser. Likely Tornado Kills At Least 2, Demolishes Motel In Oklahoma City Area : A trailer park, car dealership and other businesses in El Reno suffered major damage.: The unemployment rate currently stands at 3.6 percent. Moreover, voters appear to be more positive about the economy than they have been in many years. They\'re working for 50 hours a week to make the rent payment and basic utilities and don\'t have anything left over to save for the future. Meanwhile, the tax cuts went to Fortune 500 companies and the wealthiest people." And yet the cost of housing, the cost of health care, the cost of child care, the cost of sending kids to college has all gone through the roof." That matches the views of many Democratic voters. " As a small-business owner, we can see things that are good for us now, but what are the things we need to continue?" Running as the Anti-Trump Isn’t Enough, Booker Says : Stuck in the polls and contending with a loaded Democratic field, Mr. Booker called for a deeper primary conversation during a four-day swing through Iowa.', '2019-05-27': 'European Election Reveals Ever More Divided France : The party of Marine Le Pen, the far-right leader who lost decisively to President Emmanuel Macron two years ago, defeated his party in the European Parliament voting. This ratio was little changed from earlier years. Some researchers say they are loath to take the company’s money. Chip sanctions are kryptonite to Chinese tech ambitions. Its designs dominate mobile chip technology. Good homegrown alternatives would take years to create. Across Europe, turnout was projected to be above 50% -- a 25-year record. Europe\'s voters have spoken, but not with a single voice. The Parliament works by MEPs from different countries sitting in like-minded groups. It\'s no secret that European politics is badly fragmented. How the leaders choose to interpret these results will have an immediate impact on key decisions that need to be made. I have fought illegals on this property for six years. Bahaha where ya at now?"This story has been updated. CNN\'s Devon M. Sayers and Leyla Santiago reported from Sunland Park; CNN\'s Catherine E. Shoichet and Jeremy Diamond reported from Washington. As the global tech industry surveys the fallout from the US assault on China’s Huawei, cautious optimism is growing in Seoul that a hit to the world’s biggest telecoms equipment company could be a boon for Samsung Electronics. @ I hope that this will not take longer than a week."', '2019-05-28': 'Cryptocurrencies, the asset class written off by most investors after enormous price falls last year, are back. @ While the amounts are relatively small, the penalties are intended to deter other institutions from doing the same, analysts said. Eurosceptic and far-right parties made modest gains, securing roughly a quarter of all MEP seats. @ They will also weigh heavily on the race for the bloc’s top jobs. The combined group would have nearly €170bn in annual revenue on operating profit of more than €10bn, and net profit exceeding €8bn, FCA said. It would have a large presence in North America as well as Europe and Latin America, and expertise stretching from small electric vehicles to pick-up trucks. China increased its subsidies to domestically listed companies to a record level last year to help them weather a slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy, in a move likely to further strain trade talks with Washington. @ Some companies depend on subsidies to survive. The data cover only 3,545 listed companies and do not include private companies, which account for the bulk of China’s economy. The result must serve as a call to arms for liberal Indian voices so poorly served by the political opposition. @ Overseer Is Named for Guantánamo Military Court : Progress in trying terrorist suspects has been scant.', '2019-05-29': 'Trade War Spurs a Polite Clash of Fox and Chinese TV Anchors : Experts say the debate between Trish Regan and Liu Xin will help a Communist Party-controlled television network raise its profile in America, where it has struggled to gain a foothold. All three major indices finished Tuesday lower, and concerns about bond yields sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down again on Wednesday. But history says current losses could precede future gains. The virus, a pandemic threat carried by bats, has killed dozens of people in Asia. It has happened multiple times so far this year. In many respects, equities are waking up to what\'s happening in bonds." The countries escalated the dispute earlier this month by raising tariffs on each other. It\'s about everybody sensing there is something to brace for." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Construction at the site halted Tuesday after the order was received, Kolfage said. " What we really think it is, we think it\'s a political issue. The move has been interpreted as the prelude to retaliation. @ Those who argue that “this changes nothing” have some powerful points.', '2019-05-30': ': Another round of selling gripped Wall Street on Wednesday as investors fled health care, technology and other high-risk stocks in favor of the safety of bonds. That would be its first monthly loss since December. In early May the United States and China concluded their 11th round of trade talks with no deal. China responded by raising its own tariffs. They went pretty deep in the bag to throw out something that would hurt," he said. Health care and communications companies also bore a big share of the losses. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Chinese dominance results from low processing costs. You know the moment in a horror movie when the characters are going about their business and nothing bad has happened to them yet, but there seem to be ominous signs everywhere that only you, the viewer, notice? That\'s what watching global financial markets the last couple of weeks has felt like. In a lot of ways, nothing looks particularly wrong. The unemployment rate is at a five-decade low. But others say that could backfire politically.', '2019-05-31': 'A Nursing Home Debacle With a $146 Million Bill : The failure of the Rosewood Care Centers is the biggest default in the history of a little-known program that underpins 15 percent of the nation’s nursing homes. The offer was targeted mainly at Chinese institutional investors. @ But analysts warn that it could be just a taster of what is to come. @ The warehouse retailer\'s revenue was also above forecasts. The stock has lost more than half its value over the past year. Everyone was saying: \'Oh, it\'s a negotiating tactic. It won\'t last long,"\' Mr. LaFrazia recalled. How competitive is America going to be in 10 or 15 years?" Now some are re-evaluating those decisions. It was also unclear which products were subject to tariffs. Over time, ControlTek has learned to navigate the system. But that decline has been offset by increased imports from other countries. The tariffs are different because it\'s your own government," she said. " But it really is quite painful to be one of the pawns." Signs of Springtime Relief if You’re Hunting for a New Nest : Price increases are slowing.', '2019-06-01': ': WASHINGTON -- President Trump is upending the United States economy, and perhaps jeopardizing his re-election prospects, with an abrupt escalation of protectionist trade policies. The bond market is flashing worrying signs of a global recession. Read more on how stocks were bracing for another wild ride on Friday.] Markets have shown clear damage from the escalation. Mr. Trump, for his part, did not seem prepared to back down. Read more on Mexico is seeking a compromise with Trump.] His demands, often first disclosed through Twitter, have caught trading partners off guard. In fact, what he\'s taking on is broader than any particular country. Mexico The Mexican conflict was supposed to be over. The European Union treats us, I would say, worse than China. They send Mercedes-Benzes in here like they are cookies." President Trump returning from Colorado Springs on Thursday. PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1); A port in Shanghai.: It really opened up a new front in the trade war." [ Major stock indexes in Europe also fell. " Many of them import vehicles from Mexico. That prompted retaliatory tariffs from China and threats over other key resources. Energy futures closed broadly lower Friday. AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this article. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. This time, the Israeli prime minister may not have another rabbit in his hat.', '2019-06-02': ': WASHINGTON -- President Trump is upending the United States economy, and perhaps jeopardizing his re-election prospects, with an abrupt escalation of protectionist trade policies. The bond market is flashing worrying signs of a global recession. Read more on how stocks were bracing for another wild ride on Friday.] Markets have shown clear damage from the escalation. Mr. Trump, for his part, did not seem prepared to back down. Read more on Mexico is seeking a compromise with Trump.] His demands, often first disclosed through Twitter, have caught trading partners off guard. In fact, what he\'s taking on is broader than any particular country. Mexico The Mexican conflict was supposed to be over. The European Union treats us, I would say, worse than China. They send Mercedes-Benzes in here like they are cookies." President Trump returning from Colorado Springs on Thursday. PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1); A port in Shanghai.: It really opened up a new front in the trade war." [ Major stock indexes in Europe also fell. " Many of them import vehicles from Mexico. That prompted retaliatory tariffs from China and threats over other key resources. Energy futures closed broadly lower Friday. AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this article. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. This time, the Israeli prime minister may not have another rabbit in his hat.', '2019-06-03': 'More Than 300 Boeing Planes May Have Faulty Parts, Investigation Finds : The Federal Aviation Administration determined that as many as 148 parts could have been manufactured improperly. Each satellite dish stands 65 feet tall, and weighs roughly as much as seven large African bush elephants. This image that I saw it just blew me away, I never thought we would see these details. Over the coming month and a half, the numbers of protesting students and workers steadily grew. He began his now-famous speech by saying: "Students, we came too late. " So far, at least, it appears to have worked. CNN\'s Mohammed Elshamy contributed to this article. The state is the most important of all our institutional innovations. For this reason, people sometimes pretend it is weaker than it is. In one area of economics, this is particularly true: money. They have the following fundamental elements. @ They are imperfect, because banks may become illiquid or insolvent and so may default. But such ideas do not follow from their analysis. These are twofold: economic and political. This may not lead to outright hyperinflation. That happened to many western countries in the 1970s. Yet the same is also true for high unemployment.', '2019-06-04': ': Traders are betting the Fed will bail them out again. In early May, those odds were below 20 percent. On Monday, James Bullard, the St. Louis Federal Reserve president, said in a statement that lower rates "may be warranted soon." Stocks are down about 7 percent from their recent high. But it’s hard to tell if they’re a good deal. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ Few companies have created such strong and divergent opinions across Wall Street as Tesla. They have placed billions of dollars in bets it will fail. But now, it is not just the stock that is tumbling. Its shares currently trade around $ 185.) As long as it is still burning through cash, it will have to keep going back. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The value of the deal was not disclosed. @ The politician admitted that she had failed to connect with voters. Merkel dismissed the report, calling it "nonsense." But she has tried this political combination before and failed. We at the CDU are obliged to provide reliability and stability. "" But more apple sellers were napping than hustling one recent afternoon. Various forces are driving up food prices. This has affected the Chinese students in the United States normally or', '2019-06-05': 'Vladimir Putin, Russia’s president, does not often enjoy sharing top billing at a summit, especially one he is hosting. But Chinese president Xi Jinping is no ordinary guest. @ Companies were now “walking on eggshells”. A total of about $12bn left the market during April and May, according to data from CEIC and Morgan Stanley, the largest exodus since the launch five years ago of a “ stock connect” programme that provides global investors with access to Chinese shares, via Hong Kong. @ Prices of key industrial commodities such as crude oil and copper have slipped. They are no longer holding open the possibility of a hike." The Fed has done everything they can do to extend the cycle. Credit: By JEANNA SMIALEK and MATT PHILLIPS; Jeanna Smialek reported from Chicago, and Matt Phillips from New York.: The S&P 500 index gained 58.82 points, or 2.1 percent, to 2,803.27. Major stock indexes in Europe closed broadly higher. Banks benefit from higher yields because they can charge more interest on loans. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. But that\'s significantly shifted now, Wilson said. " Others said they were undecided or didn\'t have a strong feeling either way. There could not be a better time to re-read it. @ Though at the time, it was hard to notice. Udall asks Pompeo about Saudi and Chinese missilesReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHSen. Lawmakers were ultimately unable to override Trump\'s veto.', '2019-06-06': 'Christine Lagarde has warned that rising tariffs between the world’s two largest economies were “self-inflicted wounds” that would hit the already precarious global recovery, calling on both Washington and Beijing to immediately remove the levies. @ The threat climate change poses to the long-term sustainability of our planet is widely understood and accepted. Data is now driving the global economy — just look at the list of the world’s most valuable companies. They collect and exploit the information that users generate through billions of online interactions taking place every day. This could include everything from geolocation history and electricity consumption to recent web searches, pension information or even most recently played songs. In the battle against international money laundering, cryptocurrency remains the weakest link. Bond and equity markets have been telling stories in recent weeks that were essentially irreconcilable. Analysts expect the Sino-US trade war to accelerate that shift. Dealing in white powder usually involves cocaine. In China, there are big bucks to be made in infant formula too. For good reason: in 2008, adulterated local milk took the lives of six babies and sickened more than 300,000. @ Scale and diversity protected their shares. And a large majority of those accidents occurred in circumstances unrelated to combat deployments.', '2019-06-07': 'A Not-So-Thorny Nest Egg for Disabled People : Advocates say the state-based accounts, which let disabled people work and save money without risking the loss of government aid, could help millions of people. Drugmakers say they want to be part of the solution. But parliament specifically chose not to do what the [private prosecutor] now seeks to achieve. " A remarkable result for our 8 week old party. Labour\'s victory was marred by an anti-Semitism controversy. I look forward to welcoming Lisa to parliament next week.—: The internal combustion engine is under attack from electric challengers. Read more about how the Fiat Chrysler talks with Renault fell apart.] Americans were a distant second with 17 million cars. China is absorbing only half the cars that Chinese plants churn out each year. The companies aren\'t going to do it alone." Credit: By JACK EWING; Keith Bradsher contributed reporting from Shanghai, Ben Dooley from Tokyo, and Liz Alderman from Paris. A Volkswagen assembly line in Wolfsburg, Germany. Meanwhile, consumer sentiment has reached historic highs. That doesn\'t mean that everyone has as much work as they want, however. Housing prices recovered as well, but more so in tech hubs like San Francisco, New York, even Denver and Portland. Unlike mortgages, student loans can\'t be discharged in bankruptcy.', '2019-06-08': 'Michael Gove, British PM hopeful: \'I deeply regret\' taking cocaine - CNN : Michael Gove, British PM hopeful: \'I deeply regret\' taking cocaine : London (CNN)To many an outsider, Britain seems to have been on drugs during its often farcical attempts to leave the European Union. But that trend has been bucked in the past few decades. I think people should tell us what they have done and move on in life," the Labour Party leader told Britain\'s Press Association. " I certainly don\'t see it barring him from this race in any way. CNN\'s Sarah Dean and Kieron Mirchandani contributed to this report. Lawmakers, business executives and economists have all tried to warn President Trump that his trade policies could hurt growth. Small companies are doing business locally." Photograph Employers added just 75,000 jobs in May, a sharp drop-of (PHOTOGRAPH BY ROSS MANTLE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A1); A metal engineering company in Iowa.: But some curious pieces of evidence point to underlying weakness. Instead, the wage growth picture is steady as she goes. The Fed and its chairman, Jerome Powell, will meet June 18-19. The S&P 500 index rose 29.85 points, or 1.05 percent, to 2,873.34. Health care companies and internet stocks were also among the largest gainers. Energy futures finished higher on Friday.', '2019-06-09': 'Buttigieg And Warren Make Gains In Iowa Poll : Joseph R. Biden Jr. leads in a poll of likely Iowa caucusgoers, but Elizabeth Warren and Pete Buttigieg have made clear gains to join Bernie Sanders in a virtual three-way tie for second place. The companies would have combined annual sales of around $74 billion, the companies said. In November 2018, it closed its acquisition of Rockwell Collins. Like other industrial conglomerates, United Technologies shedding businesses to focus on highly profitable units. Instead, we are likely to see a sober anniversary, burdened by hypotheticals and gloomy predictions. In an interview, Professor Poterba qualified that statement further. " The committee only narrows things down to months. " But we take enough time to make sure that we\'re right, sometimes a very long time. Professor Hall explained how the committee operates. Because you never really know about a recession, do you?" We simply didn\'t know which way the economy was going. AuthorAffiliation Follow Jeff Sommer on Twitter: @jeffsommer. It\'s not like tomorrow we\'ll suddenly be in the land of Noah. " But Old Testament theatrics isn\'t climate change\'s only guise. But this rugged idyll faces an existential crisis. It\'s barely above sea level, hunkered down behind a reinforced shingle embankment. It concedes it is fighting a losing battle. Part of the reason is glaciers and ice sheets melting because of global warming, another is seawater increasing in volume as temperatures rise.', '2019-06-10': 'China will establish a mechanism for export control of sensitive technology, raising the spectre of tit-for-tat retaliation amid a souring trade dispute with the United States. @ Ocado: This online grocer is backing Europe\'s biggest vertical farm - CNN : This online grocer is backing Europe\'s biggest vertical farm : London (CNN Business)A leading online grocer is getting into the vertical farming business. Vertical farming refers to produce that\'s grown indoors, often in stacks that resemble a bookcase. Tariffs have turned into retaliatory tariffs. Within all this change, multinational companies, which have arguably been the biggest financial beneficiaries of globalisation since the second world war, have the most to lose. @ The subcontractor\'s network was subsequently compromised by a malicious cyber-attack. The images involve fewer than 100,000 people, according to initial reports, a CBP spokesperson said. CNN\'s Gregory Wallace contributed to this report.: Markets now expect the Fed to cut rates -- and soon. The hurdle to cut is pretty low," she said. " They want to see what goes on with trade." The Fed was already falling short on half of that mission. For one thing, they risk enabling further trade tensions. The state has until June 21 to make a decision on the facility’s license.', '2019-06-11': 'With 23 Democrats Vying to Be Heard, the Grumbling Is Getting Louder : There’s only so much room in the spotlight in the Democratic presidential race, leaving some candidates feeling left out. “ It’s a ‘Hunger Games’ situation,” one said. Ivan Golunov was arrested on drug charges. It\'s crucial for the whole society and all of us. How long will this dragon tribe drink our blood, when will they be sated? Golunov meant different things for different people. Then there was the issue of press freedom. Some of the organizers said they would proceed. " We stand naked in front of the world and it may not be a pretty sight all of the time but we would prefer to do that because it enables us to improve our products," he said. " The problem is the gate is on federal property. When they are not using it, it will remain locked and secure. Its US section is headquartered in El Paso, Texas. " CNN\'s Chris Boyette contributed to this report. I think the differences can be worked out very easily. Instead, to his relief, the scare died down. @ Just as in 2010, when the price rise accompanied a dispute between China and Japan, Mr Higgins is again facing disruption to the supply of raw materials.: His latest rebuke comes at a pivotal moment. PHOTOGRAPH BY CHINATOPIX, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS)Do violent video games promote aggression?', '2019-06-12': 'Alibaba looks set to pull off another coup. The $25bn New York listing in 2014 rewarded investors (shares are up roughly 2.5 times), investment bankers (a $250m fee pool) and founders. This time, the bounty will spread much further. Matteo Salvini, Italy\'s Deputy Prime Minister and leader of right-wing League party. The decree will now go before Parliament for final signoff. She faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted, she said. This woman is a humanitarian, not a criminal. # It is expected to be completed next year. Associated Press This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The market\'s going to be really sensitive to trade news," she said. " This is going to be very hard to resolve neatly and quickly." Technology stocks also gave up some early gains. Source: Refinitiv); Producer Prices: Index of finished goods prices and services, 2009 =100, seasonally adjusted. ( The rise was in line with estimates from economists polled by Reuters. @ Would you trust Amazon to manage your life savings? Vanguard will have arrived at the right time. @', '2019-06-13': 'Initial Vote Gives Johnson Boost in Race for Prime Minister : Mr. Johnson received 114 of the 313 votes in the first round of balloting to find a successor to Theresa May. Stocks closed modestly lower on Wall Street on Wednesday, in the market\'s second straight loss. Health care, utilities and industrial companies posted gains. The dollar fell to 108.51 Japanese yen from 108.52 yen on Tuesday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. American restrictions on Chinese technology have intensified since 2018. Mr Ross is due to make his decision in just over three months. We’re going to be meeting, President Xi and myself. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own. JUST WATCHEDWhere do first amendment rights end online?ReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHWhere do first amendment rights end online? If it were not for us, it wouldn\'t have been possible.") How much of this money will we collect is up in the air. We will neither cower in fear nor stop calling out their hate. I love that idea, I\'ve asked Angela Merkel several times. I really, really appreciate Angela Merkel …. Why is ‘cracking seven’ a big deal for China’s currency? @ The offshore exchange rate is not limited by the trading band and is therefore subject to the sway of international market forces. Mr Yi’s attention is arguably focused elsewhere.', '2019-06-14': 'Nod to Sprint and T-Mobile  Could Undercut States’ Suit : Provisions set by the Justice Department, described by people familiar with the plan, could weaken a lawsuit that 10 attorneys general filed to try to block the $26 billion deal. China’s 1.4 billion people pay the price. The clear majority of migrants apprehended at the border came from Latin American countries, largely from Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. But the increase in Indians apprehended is notable. It indicates the message that families can enter the US easily is spreading. " This crisis is unlike anything our country has ever faced," he said. CNN\'s Faith M. Karimi, Geneva Sands, Priscilla Alvarez and Hollie Silverman contributed to this report. Some segments of the Chinese economy did show some vigour during May. Beijing retaliated  by increasing levies on about $60bn of US imports. @ Lawyers for Wu Xiaohui, the jailed former chief executive of Anbang Insurance, have been unable to meet their client for almost a year, raising concerns over his safety, as fears of the Chinese judicial system give rise to protests in Hong Kong. @ But their relief is bound to be shortlived. Nor does he try to link his actions to statutory cause. Mexico does not resemble any such country. @', '2019-06-15': ": Stocks ended a choppy week of trading with modest losses on Friday as investors were looking forward to getting more clues about the direction of interest rates. Technology shares drove the declines, and energy stocks also fell a day after leading the market. It shaved $ 2 billion from its annual revenue forecast. Trading this week was uneven as investors swung between safe-play holdings and riskier bets. Stocks rose on Monday, but then seesawed as investors saw signs that the United States and China were unlikely to settle their differences anytime soon. The Nasdaq composite slid 40.47 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,796.66. The Fed will hold its next meeting of policyholders on Wednesday. Chip-makers were the big decliners on Friday. Broadcom, which gets about half its revenue from China, fell 5.6 percent. Oil rig operator Noble Energy dropped 5 percent. The social media company has reportedly enlisted some key backers for its upcoming cryptocurrency. Friday closed out another good week for initial public offerings. The 8-year-old company garnered high demand. It priced at $ 22 per share and is now valued at $ 8 billion. The dollar rose to 108.55 Japanese yen from 108.39 yen on Thursday. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( Sudan's Crisis Puts The Country On The Brink Of Disaster : After ousting a long-reigning dictator, Sudan's protest movement fears the military is gripping onto power.", '2019-06-16': 'London mayor Sadiq Khan a \'disaster\' over London stabbings, says Donald Trump - CNN : Donald Trump: London mayor Sadiq Khan a \'disaster\' over spate of violence : London (CNN)Donald Trump has attacked London Mayor Sadiq Khan over a spate of violence in the British capital, branding the politician a "disaster" and "national disgrace." Khan is a disaster - will only get worse! His thoughts are with the victims\' families. Khan reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job -- only half his height.": Who knew getting old would be this painful? Americans are used to hearing dire warnings about aging. Many of our most intractable economic ills can be traced to some degree to this ineluctable fact: America is getting old. That\'s three percentage points less than in 2015. Whatever the precise cause, the slowdown shows up in the data. We may end up with too few robots rather than too many. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We\'d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. And here\'s our email: letters@nytimes.com .', '2019-06-17': 'A profound paradox has enveloped global commerce. On the one hand, it has become absurdly easy and cheap for consumers to push data around the world at lightning speed. The details of this project, codenamed Libra, have been kept secret. This compares with a peak of 4.4 per cent in 2007, immediately prior to the global financial crisis, as the first chart shows. @ Two high voltage power lines running south from the Yacyreta hydroelectric dam on Argentina’s border with Paraguay reportedly went down simultaneously and triggered the outage. He was referring to the faulty manoeuvring characteristics augmentation system that played a role in both crashes. @ They were “something we will never forget,” he said. But he has also suggested that he wanted to meet the Iranian leadership to negotiate a deal, before saying the time was not right. @ “ Over the next two years, the company will reduce production. This [calendar] year and next year, our revenues will be around $100bn. ” The renminbi exchange rate has a new symbolic number for traders to obsess over. These days, though, they make little sense. Hotheads tend to reside elsewhere in the administration. Raising the Baton : “The great thing about the last two years is I feel empowered to speak out even further. A profound paradox has enveloped global commerce.', '2019-06-18': "Signaling Mass Arrests, But Not the Deportation  Of ‘Millions’ Trump Said : The agency, which is preparing to conduct raids targeting thousands of migrant families, was blindsided by the president’s tweet saying “millions of illegal aliens” would be deported. It will also stoke already elevated tensions between the Islamic republic and Washington. Boris Johnson has one foot in 10 Downing Street. Mr Osborne, editor of the London Evening Standard, splashed his front page this week with the headline: “Bojo: I’ve got mojo to unite Britain. ” The view expressed in this commentary are her own. This includes introducing policies like paid parental leave and affordable child care. Proposals to boost family income, such as Sens. Stay up to date...Sign up for our new newsletter. Do the male candidates speak fluently and substantively to what matters most to women?: Central bankers pride themselves on being the grown-ups of economic policy. Or even by the president of the United States. But what if the grown-ups make a mistake? New developments on Friday confirmed the pattern. The coming meeting will be a test of that resolve. That is, unless a recession has begun and we just can't see it yet.) Such smooth growth defies all empirical experience. It also assumes that the renminbi peg survives in perpetuity. Its collapse would precipitate a recession and unemployment. But there is an important difference between the first 30 years of reform and the last 10. What does this mean for liberal democracies?", '2019-06-19': 'UN urges Australia to stop spate of migrant suicide attempts - CNN : UN urges Australia to stop spate of migrant suicide attempts : (CNN)UN human rights officials have urged Australia to provide immediate medical aid to more than 800 asylum seekers and migrants being held offshore after a spate of suicide attempts. Many have been trapped on the islands for six years. " The men have lost hope and are falling one by one. CNN\'s Maria Santana, Kevin Liptak, Pamela Brown and Joe Johns contributed to this report. But we’re either going to have a good deal and a fair deal or we’re not going to have a deal at all and that’s okay too. Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.” @ Investors’ desire for greater exposure to China has led to record demand for derivatives tied to the big benchmark indices that track the country’s stocks. @ They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others," he tweeted. The Fed is expected to leave rates unchanged on Wednesday after a two-day policy meeting. Photograph Mario Draghi, the president of the European Central Bank. ( Bond investors appear to have already made up their minds about what will happen. Read more about what the bond market is saying about the economy.]', '2019-06-20': 'Antitrust Regulators Size Up Tech Giants : For decades, antitrust regulation has focused on the welfare of the consumer. A net zero target would have meant that almost all emissions have to be cut. But there was also huge interest in the planes of tomorrow. Alice can fly nine passengers up to 650 miles on a single charge, and Eviation claims it can cut airline operating costs by 70%. Manufacturing gets underway in the United States this year. A visualization of additions made as part of United Technologies\' hybrid project. Airbus will tackle batteries and aerodynamic design. Today, the Fifth Column orchestrated by Russia might become more dangerous than open aggression. As protesters outside tried to enter the parliament, police used tear gas to disperse them, CNN witnessed. CNN\'s Olga Pavlova and Warda Al-Jawahiry contributed to this report. Remarks which myself and other members of Congress find highly offensive ... Would you care to comment on those remarks?" My men and women, as well as the men and women in (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), are doing the best that they can with the limited resources that they have," Provost said. The Senate Appropriations Committee approved a $4.6 billion border supplemental bill Wednesday. Alibaba has triple the market share and higher margins. But it also means costs, from logistics to warehouses, are higher.', '2019-06-21': 'Republicans Are Divided On Canceling of Airstrike : The rift has rekindled debate over lawmakers’ roles in matters of war and peace and pointed up deep concerns among some Republicans, who are normally loath to criticize the president over national security. The S&P 500 closed up 1 percent, at 2,954.18, eclipsing the previous high-water mark for the benchmark index of American shares that was reached on April 30. That\'s firmly the view of all markets: \'The Fed will do what we want."\' Why did Congress give the Fed independence? When it costs more to borrow, fewer people will buy homes and cars, and fewer businesses will invest or hire new employees. President Trump is playing a dangerous game. Get the Bits newsletter for the latest from Silicon Valley and the technology industry.] For those companies, "it\'s all systems go," he said. " He marches her out of the room by her neck. He must be immediately suspended or sacked. CNN\'s Warda Al-Jawahiry contributed to this report. Some kids who were detained for 2-3 weeks had only one or two opportunities to shower. CNN has not independently verified the conditions the team is reporting. What is the mechanism and how long does it take?” @', '2019-06-22': 'Nancy Pelosi Gives Justin Trudeau Wine And Chocolate In Lost NBA Bet : The U.S. House speaker handed the Canadian prime minister a hefty gift basket to settle their wager over the NBA Finals.: Wall Street finished a milestone-setting week on a downbeat Friday after a late flurry of selling nudged stocks lower, ending the market\'s four-day winning streak. Smaller company stocks fared worse than the rest of the market. A report on manufacturing for June came in below analysts\' forecasts. Baker Hughes gained 3.3 percent and Valero Energy added 2.7 percent. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( His comments came during an interview on Bloomberg Television. We have the flexibility that we need that other countries wish they had." But the United States, like other countries, is fighting persistently low inflation. Photograph Neel Kashkari, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. ( It is a sign that younger leaders are making gains against the militants. Pompeo, a Steadfast Hawk, Coaxes a Hesitant President on Iran : Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has expanded his power during a vacuum in the Pentagon, but his hard-line policies on Iran are running into President Trump’s isolationist instincts. They resented that Americans had belittled their prowess.', '2019-06-23': "Istanbul election rerun won by opposition, in blow to Erdogan - CNN : Istanbul election rerun won by opposition, in blow to Erdogan : Istanbul, Turkey (CNN)The main Turkish opposition party has won the rerun of Istanbul's mayoral election, according to Turkey's Anadolu News Agency, in a blow to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. You stood up for the democracy tradition of more than one hundred years. Official results were expected early Monday, according to the Turkish election board. I wish Ekrem İmamoglu will make good services to people. The Istanbul race is personal for Erdoğan. If confirmed, the result would be a major blow for Erdogan. The March local election marked a political earthquake for Erdogan, who has been in power since 2003. As the economic crisis hit much of the Western world, foreign investors poured their money into Turkey, looking for high returns from the emerging economy. Turkish economic growth flattened, inflation reached double digits and unemployment soared. That may actually be helping the company extend its grip on the book business. Istanbul vote signals shift in Erdogan's dominance - CNN : Erdogan likes to say 'whoever wins Istanbul, wins Turkey.' From the get go, the decision to rerun the elections drew widespread criticism. But being happy does not mean breaking anybody's heart.", '2019-06-24': 'The pace at which China is selling its holdings of US Treasuries has accelerated dramatically since the beginning of 2018. @ But what might this election mean for the economy and economic reform? The thing about freak accidents is that they do not keep happening. Donald Trump benefited from more than one lightning strike in 2016. The director of the FBI, James Comey, was an unusually incompetent investigator. Yet Mr Trump is betting that history will repeat itself. This amounts to everyone together opening a new page for Istanbul,” Mr Imamoglu said after the result became clear. Reports of his alleged extra-marital affairs have long graced the pages of the UK tabloids. Johnson has four children with his second wife, Marina Wheeler. It would be entirely inappropriate for me to talk about any of that. CNN has contacted Johnson\'s office for comment but had not received a reply at time of publication. But despite all the efforts, knife crime continues to rise. I don\'t think there\'s words to explain that. " The knives issued to domestic violence victims by Nottinghamshire Police. We\'ve seen three prime ministers come and go, five home secretaries come and go, two London mayors come and go ... and we still have the same problem. The figures are no accident, Scottish authorities say. " Are you looking for long-term solutions or are you looking to short-term fixes?" "', '2019-06-25': 'Politics and Prejudice at Work in the West Bank : A rape case involving a 7-year-old ultra-Orthodox girl and a video of Arabs and Jews celebrating at a wedding have torn two West Bank villages apart. Minority parties have resorted to similar stunts for generations. America has a moral, ethical and economic responsibility to tax our wealth more,” they wrote in a post on the Medium website. “ Canales says the response he received baffled him. " Why wouldn\'t the agency accept donations? We\'re using operational funding to provide those things. Let the community get involved, if anybody higher up in terms of the administration or likewise in government is not able to do so. We rang the intercom buzzer, to no response, and we called the help line posted on the window, to no response. CNN\'s Gianluca Mezzofiore, Amanda Watts and Priscilla Alvarez contributed to this report. What does the European Parliament actually do? " First quarter growth came in at a solid 3.1 percent. Trump is trying to foam the runway in case there is a slowdown." Major indexes in Europe finished mostly lower. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( But more Australians still trust Chinese President Xi Jinping than his US counterpart, President Donald Trump.', '2019-06-26': 'U.N. Expert Rues ‘Paralysis’ Over Khashoggi Killing and Urges Investigation : Agnes Callamard, the United Nations expert on extrajudicial killings, excoriated the world body for its “paralysis” in the killing of a journalist, Jamal Khashoggi, by Saudi agents in Istanbul.: Jerome H. Powell, chairman of the Federal Reserve, said Tuesday that the central bank is weighing whether an interest-rate cut will be needed as trade risks stir economic uncertainty and inflation lags. Inflation came in at just 1.5 percent in the year through April. " It\'s another argument, frankly, for providing more policy accommodation." But traders have grown cautious this week. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( The group has also shut down its live broadcasting arm and severed ties with its ad firm. But the reaction from Salvini suggested otherwise. " It can reach supersonic speeds and conducts short take-offs and vertical landings. Mette Frederiksen meeting with voters in Aalborg, Denmark during her election campaign. CNN\'s Tara John and Arnaud Siad contributed reporting. Any sign of quick relief is not on cards either. \'', '2019-06-27': 'An Athlete and Advocate Who Refuses to Yield : President Trump criticized Ms. Rapinoe on Twitter this week over her comments about not visiting the White House, and she responded characteristically by doubling down. At one point she was handed a glass of water, which she waved away. She blamed dehydration for that incident. Tremors can be caused by a number of conditions, ranging from neurological disorders to less serious issues such as medicinal side effects, stress or caffeine consumption. CNN\'s Simon Cullen and Amy Woodyatt contributed to this report. Read MoreBut the calm order is deceptive. They\'ve given up weekends, toiling from 3 PM to 3 AM or vice versa. It\'s been a "company-wide scramble," said CEO Pat Brown. But in January 2019, Impossible went into overdrive. Two months later, they\'re in nearly 10,000. We\'ve been preparing for some time to have a runaway success." It doesn\'t have to make or customize them. Labor is the other crucial part of the equation. If Japan is attacked, we will fight World War III. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 11.40 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 26,536.82. Consumer products companies were also big decliners. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2019-06-28': ': Bragging rights for the world\'s hottest major stock market this year belong to an unlikely leader: President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. The S&P 500, by contrast, is up more than 16 percent. And they\'re almost always negative ones." The four banks also said they would increase their dividends. This year, a couple of banks squeaked by. The heat on the continent is expected to ease in a few days. Impacts to the climate system, food web, communities and commerce. # Next year, the winds could turn northerly. Most people are feeling the effects of climate change even if they don\'t know it. Changes are happening, and changes will be magnified. " CNN\'s Monica Garrett contributed to this story. In an FT interview in the Kremlin on the eve of the G20 summit in Osaka, Japan, the Russian president said “the liberal idea” had “outlived its purpose” as the public turned against immigration, open borders and multiculturalism. @ India has just five years to solve its water crisis, experts fear - CNN : India has just five years to solve its water crisis, experts fear. In some places in India, disaster has already arrived. Chennai residents line up to fill vessels with water from a tanker. But they grew without considering where the resources are coming from."', '2019-06-29': "Ex-Felons’ Voting Rights Face Restriction in Florida : Gov. Ron DeSantis signed into law a requirement that ex-felons pay back fines and fees before they can register to vote. Can Glaad Turn a Gutsy Goal Into a Constitutional Victory? : Boycott Reflects South African Whites’ Sense of Grievance : Many Afrikaners are spurning a once-cherished restaurant chain to protest its banning of a white man. We had a very good meeting with President Xi of China. As good as it was going to be,” Mr Trump said. “ Facts, figures, real comments made by real people. Meanwhile, the EU looks on in astonishment. Manufacturing jobs have already been lost. Starbucks has nearly 1,000 stores in the UK. They're losing moneyBut no one is talking about this. It will be difficult, and it could become very messy. If all this sounds familiar, you could be right. Productivity also dips significantly when temperatures increase. It said the coating cut temperatures by between 10 and 30 degrees Fahrenheit. Even worse, it contributes to climate change. Water is another favorite -- mist showers, fountains and reflective pools all bring the temperature down.: The Nasdaq composite rose 38.49 points, or 0.5 percent, to 8,006.24. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (", '2019-06-30': 'Liberals Get the Attention, but Moderates Hold the Party’s Power : Liberals like Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez may get the attention, but a group of moderate Democrats in the House are proving more adept at wielding power. Despite Trump-Xi Ceasefire, China Warns Trade Deal Still Long Way Off : The two leaders agreed to restart trade negotiations during ice-breaking talks in Japan. But they still face a long road ahead, Chinese state media warned. Skyworks Solutions gained 6% while Micron Technology advanced 3.9%. Tech giant Apple also rose 1.8%."The markets appear to be content with the cooperative tone coming out of the meetings. That surge came after stocks recovered in June from a torrid May performance. As things stand, we lack clarity on whether real progress was achieved on the sticking points that caused talks to break down in the first place. Kudlow told Fox News on Sunday that Trump was not granting Huawei "general amnesty." He also said there is no timetable for when a deal might be finalized. China and the U.S. have been embroiled in a trade war for more than a year. China has retaliated with levies of its own on U.S. products.—CNBC\'s Michael Bloom and Everett Rosenfeld contributed to this report.', '2019-07-01': "Flaw in System Kept the Driver In a Fatal Crash At the Wheel : A truck driver charged in a fatal wreck along a New Hampshire highway should have been disqualified from operating a commercial motor vehicle, officials acknowledged. There is, moreover, little reason to assume the ceasefire will last much longer than that agreed in December. It encapsulates the man and his 20 years in power. @ Is his appetite for risk increasing with each passing year? @ “ Donald Trump likes to claim that the US is always winning. The future relationship between Sir Jonathan and Apple remains unclear. There is also stiff competition from other manufacturers. PHOTOGRAPH BY ILANA PANICH-LINSMAN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1); Working on wells in Midland, Tex. , They said 'officers are under stress & act out sometimes.' A team of lawyers, doctors and advocates described circumstances in which children said they didn't have access to soap and had few opportunities to shower. CNN has not been able to independently access and review the Facebook group posts in question. The United States needs to see what's happening. The youngest children in the facility were a 1-year-old, who has been traveling with a 17-year-old and a 2-year-old unaccompanied minor. This story has been updated with additional developments Monday. CNN's Nick Valencia, Nicole Chavez and Geneva Sands contributed to this report.", '2019-07-02': 'Russian Navy Submarine Catches Fire, Killing 14 : The lethal fire broke out on a vessel based at the same Arctic port as the Kursk nuclear submarine, which sank in 2000, and the navy was again slow to acknowledge the emergency. But it may be hard pressed to meet its 2019 target. Few details of the agreement were made public. An aerial view of deforestation in Brazil\'s Western Amazon on September 22, 2017. CNN asked the Brazilian Environment Ministry for comment on the recent numbers but has not received a response. The most effective way to tackle climate change? He also put some of the blame on some European countries. " With roughly half the size of the United States of America, it is the largest rainforest on the planet. Rapid Thai premium growth is one justification. That would help FWD with a mooted float. @ That maneuver had infuriated France and Germany. Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ But they looked past all that to strike big deals at a record pace. But below these big figures is some evidence of caution. It wasn\'t all because of worry about the economy. There is recent evidence, however, that there has been a pickup is such deals.) This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. I ask you to report to me personally upon your return. "', '2019-07-03': 'Libya Airstrike: At Least 40 Killed In Attack On Migrant Detention Center : The airstrike raises further concerns about the European Union’s policy of partnering with Libyan militias to prevent migrants from crossing the Mediterranean. He may still face administrative sanctions. Presidents Donald Trump and Xi Jinping of China agreed over the weekend to resume trade talks. When yields decline they push down interest rates that banks charge for mortgages and other loans, cutting into their profits. Brent crude, the international standard, lost $ 2.66 to close at $ 62.40 a barrel. AP Business Writer Stan Choe contributed to this report. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. It made 72,531 Model 3s and 14,517 Model S and X vehicles. You could be on the path to long-term losses." There has been a string of departures of senior executives as well. Europhiles called the protest disrespectful. " But Farage\'s group is the largest single party in the European Parliament. JUST WATCHEDHere\'s what you need to know about BrexitReplayMore Videos ...MUST WATCHHere\'s what you need to know about Brexit 03:38Here we come back to the Leyen nomination. But it also suits French President Emmanuel Macron. Some think their perception of her as weak could be rooted in misogyny. That\'s if she makes it into the job at all. But on the whole, this should be the easy bit.', '2019-07-04': ': HUNTSVILLE, Ala. -- A widening income gap and sagging social mobility have left dents in the American dream. Nationwide, they are less than 8 percent. People just have to have the drive to strive." He had just come from signing up for a program at the city\'s career center. Why inequity and disadvantage produce such hopefulness is not as unusual as it might initially seem. Europeans think it\'s much more due to luck." Liberalism is not a precise philosophy, it is an attitude. They trust in the capacity of human beings to decide things for themselves. It is also a view echoed in Africa itself. Until now there was little way of knowing. Almost all the information was anecdotal. Few academic studies of any size or rigour had been conducted. The UK government chose to stand on the wrong side,” Mr Liu told reporters. “ The incident comes at a time of heightened tensions between the US and Iran. We can also see that she is heavily laden in the water. CNN\'s Ruchi Patel, Sarah Dean, Laura Perez Maestro and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed reporting.', '2019-07-05': 'The IMF has approved a $6bn bailout package for Pakistan after Prime Minister Imran Khan’s government unveiled an austerity budget and introduced painful reforms to secure the funding and address an economic crisis. @ They raised less than $1bn last year and $3.3bn in 2017. @ Short-term borrowing costs in China have fallen to their lowest level since the global financial crisis as Beijing seeks to help banks cope with a liquidity squeeze spurred by the government takeover of a commercial lender. @ But the logic just isn\'t holding up right now. Low interest rates worldwide are probably a factor. Photograph Traders at the New York Stock Exchange. PHOTOGRAPH BY RICHARD DREW/ASSOCIATED PRESS)Anchorage, Alaska, Shatters All-Time Heat Record, And It Could Get Hotter Still : Temperatures spiked to 90 degrees for the first time in the city\'s history. A small gap may exist between the wheel studs and hub assembly. Read More"The stability of the vehicle may be affected, increasing the risk of loss of vehicle control and potentially resulting in an accident injuring vehicle occupants and other road users." CNN has contacted Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, which manufactures Dodge and Jeep vehicles, for comment.: Surveys of consumers are showing some warning signs too. I think they are remarkably attuned to interest rate policy." Trade tensions are a driving force for lower export demand.', '2019-07-06': 'Hungry, Scared and Sick: Inside Clint’s Razor Wire : An out-of-the-way border station in the desert outside of El Paso has become the epicenter of outrage over the Trump administration’s policies on the southwest border.: Policymakers signaled last month that they were prepared to cut rates soon. Meanwhile, contacts in business and agriculture have reported heightened concerns over trade developments." REUTERS AUTOMOBILES Jaguar Land Rover to Build Electric Cars in Britain Jaguar Land Rover is making a multimillion-dollar investment to build electric vehicles in Britain, in a major lift for the British government and a sector hit by the slump in diesel sales and Brexit uncertainty. The question is if it\'s going to slow more sharply." June marked the 10th anniversary of the official end of the Great Recession. The streak has been more remarkable for its durability than for its strength. For a lot of people, just not going into a recession may not be good enough." We\'re going to interview you, we set up a time for you to come in, and you just don\'t show." Matt Phillips and Jeanna Smialek contributed reporting. The S&P is up 19.3 percent so far this year. Higher bond yields push up interest rates that banks charge on mortgages and other loans. What led the military to suddenly agree to share power?', '2019-07-07': 'Greek elections: New Democracy party victory signals end of left-wing populism - CNN : Greek elections: Victory for New Democracy party signals end of left-wing populism : Athens, Greece (CNN)With 75% of the vote counted, the center-right New Democracy party was on track to win the first national elections since Greece exited a bailout regime a year ago, signaling a clean break with years of firebrand populism and a return to mainstream politics. I don\'t request a grace period because we don\'t have time for it." Much of his success depends on clinching this deal. In hindsight, Mitsotakis\' strategy now feels like a winning recipe to Greeks. Banks shut for days and capital controls were imposed. The vote in 2015 was one of hope, of desperation. Now people are focusing on who they believe can deliver." We go on.#fridaysforfuture #schoolstrike4climate #climatestrike pic.twitter.com/JGdvAVaSjW— Greta Thunberg (@GretaThunberg) July 5, 2019  It\'s a practical question, too. Here\'s all the business and tech news you need for the week ahead, so you can catch up quickly and then enjoy the rest of your long, lazy July Fourth weekend. ______ Investors are now expecting a quarter-point cut in July.) Illustration DRAWINGS (DRAWINGS BY GIACOMO BAGNARA); CHARTS: SO FAR THIS YEAR', '2019-07-08': 'Deutsche Is Swift to Start Layoffs : The German lender began layoffs in New York, London and other locations a day after announcing a plan to cut costs and exit high-risk businesses. China is now the world leader in both technologies. Facebook says Libra will make international payments as cheap and easy as text messages. But so far the reaction has been mostly negative. @ Digital banking has made its way to the old lady of Threadneedle Street. There is really no strong state without a strong university," Mr. Johnsen said. " He supports overriding the veto, but said it was not clear whether it would be possible. " The scope and size of these cuts is unconscionable." In the meantime, university leaders and supporters have been lobbying lawmakers by phone, by email and in person. California Experienced Back-to-Back Earthquakes. Britain seems likely to have Boris Johnson as its prime minister. Max Hastings, previously his editor at The Telegraph newspaper, wrote of him this week: "There is room for debate about whether he is a scoundrel or mere rogue, but not much about his moral bankruptcy, rooted in a contempt for truth." CNN\'s Barbara Wojazer and Kate Sullivan contributed to this reportIs the global economyslowing down? In one sector the answer already seems clear: real estate. When I went to Congress, Sandy Hook happened. San Bernardino: Nothing," he said, before ticking off one mass shooting after another. Biden shot back: "I\'m holding onto that torch.', '2019-07-09': 'The culling of 18,000 jobs at Deutsche Bank has started only hours after the lender unveiled its most radical strategic overhaul in two decades, with whole teams of equity traders in Europe, the US and Asia being dismissed on Monday morning. @ Shares in Deutsche were down 4.5 per cent at €6.85 on Monday. @ The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own. The protests use the hashtag #NeverAgain, clearly alluding to the Holocaust. This Time We Won\'t Be Silent" said another poster. The "cultural genocide" wasn\'t actual genocide; there were no "Three Million More." But I don\'t feel guilty about it: I can\'t. Stay up to date...Sign up for our new newsletter.: Monetary policy is also running low on credibility. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games -- as they have for many years!" The Fed\'s statement came in its semiannual report on monetary policy. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. We might not know the source of this leak for a long time. Whoever leaked that deserves to be eviscerated."', '2019-07-10': 'The Trump administration has announced a significant relaxation of its restrictions on US companies selling to Huawei, saying the ban will only apply to products that are related to national security. @ Without chemicals, cars cannot run, planes will not fly and drugs do not work. It had previously forecast a rise in full-year adjusted operating profits. Hedge fund Marshall Wace has taken a big short position. The benchmark S&P 500 hit all-time highs three straight days last week. This is the quiet before the storm, the storm in this case being earnings season," Kelly said. " Higher mortgage rates spell bad news for would-be homebuyers, making home loans more expensive. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( Chair Powell is focused first on making careful, methodical decisions." As the ice melts it flows into the ocean, causing sea levels to rise. This seems like a long time from now, because we will all be dead by then. CNN has reached out to sources close to Darroch for comment, but has not had a response. CNN\'s Luke McGee, Flo Davey-Attlee, Duarte Mendonca, Zahid Mahmood, Steve Forrest and Sarah Dean contributed reporting.', '2019-07-11': 'Storm, Brimming With Rain, Barrels Toward Waterlogged Louisiana : The Gulf Coast is being inundated with rain and preparing for possible landfall of a tropical storm. The S&P 500 index rose 13.44 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,993.07. Its brands include Hydro Flask, Oxo, Vicks and Revlon. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. As is often the case in business, though, not everything has gone to plan. Partly as a result, the prices of their products are falling. The trade case gave us the hope to invest," Mr. Patton said. A few countries, including Australia, Canada and Mexico, were later exempted. But those prices have fallen from those highs. Most of these investments are based on producing more high-margin, value-added products, not commodity-grade steel." Some analysts agree with that assessment. " I am pretty optimistic about where this is going." That makes stocks look more attractive to investors. Credit: By JEANNA SMIALEK and MATT PHILLIPS; Matt Phillips reported from New York. If this sounds like a pleasant warming -- think again. But short-term bets are inherently risky. Strict new standards to reduce smog were supposed to come into effect next July. Thus reads a statement on the White House website. But they have certainly not paid for themselves. That Republicans are happy with this is noteworthy.', '2019-07-12': 'Data Shows FEMA’s Staff Is Stretched Perilously Thin : Three years of brutal disasters mean fewer trained FEMA workers are available to help victims of Barry -- or whatever storm comes after it. There is still no answer to the crucial question — is the chancellor still in full possession of her physical capacities?” @ A cut in reserve requirement ratios for banks\u2009. The Video Game Industry Is Now in Play : The video gaming industry is growing but it’s not clear which, if any sectors, are the most promising. Index funds have been a good solution lately. If that all sounds familiar, there is good reason. That climb earned itself a nickname, the TINA market. These are more or less the same circumstances investors face today. Each instance has been met with skepticism. And that does not seem to have changed this year. Whether that is today, tomorrow, a month from now or a year, that is the question right now. " Johnson is a fan of Trump and hard Brexit; Darroch is anti-Trump and pro-EU. That pulled bond prices lower, sending yields sharply higher. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. (', '2019-07-13': "Barry Weakens To Tropical Storm As It Hits Louisiana Coast : The storm, which will be a stress test on New Orleans' levees, was previously dubbed a hurricane.: The major stock indexes closed at record highs on Friday, with the S&P 500 ending above 3,000 for the first time. The market was driven higher by technology, consumer discretionary and industrial company stocks, which more than offset the drop in drugmakers. Investors continued to remain focused on the Federal Reserve. All three indexes closed at record highs. Health care stocks took some of the heaviest losses. Investors now expect drugmakers may come under renewed pressure to lower prices. Separately, another drugmaker, Johnson & Johnson, fell 4.2 percent. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note was 2.12 percent compared to the multiyear low of 1.95 percent the bond hit only 10 days ago. Investors are preparing for the start of second-quarter earnings season. JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Goldman Sachs will report their results on Tuesday. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph The New York Stock Exchange on Friday.", '2019-07-14': ': Everywhere, it seems, the world has been steeped in turbulence and strife, and that might seem to be the perfect setting for a major rally in gold, long considered an investment haven. Then people would look for answers," he said. " All the negativity has been priced into gold." Left, a pedestrian passes by the window of a bullion broker in London. ( PHOTOGRAPHS BY RICK WILKING/REUTERS; TOBY MELVILLE/REUTERS): Bond interest rates were supposed to rise in 2019. I don\'t know if it can move fast enough." If we\'re not in a recession, then we\'re on the cusp." Market forces always overwhelm anything central banks can do." It was widely remarked upon, then widely dismissed because it lasted only a few days. But it leaves out the growing numbers who have stopped actively looking. Officials have warned of more flooding in the coming days.: If you get the direction of those right, the stocks follow that." What will enable a company to raise prices? A differentiated product, a barrier to entry or a sustainable competitive advantage." Both are among the MFS fund\'s 98 holdings. M.&A." is an abbreviation for mergers and acquisitions.) It spun out of Pfizer, a major pharmaceutical company, in 2013.', '2019-07-15': 'Erdogan says S-400 missile system delivery will be completed next year - CNN : Erdogan says S-400 missile system delivery will be completed next year : (CNN)Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan says the S-400 missile system delivery from Russia to Turkey will be completed by April 2020, according to Turkey\'s state news agency Anadolu. As the President said at the G20 ahead of meeting with Erdogan, \'It\'s a problem, there\'s no question about it,\' " the official added. CNN\'s Ivana Kottosova, Sam Bradpiece, Oren Liebermann, Michael Schwartz contributed to this report. For example, companies require subsidiaries in high-tax jurisdictions to license intellectual property rights from units located in places where little (or no) taxes are paid. ICE raids: Advocates say they haven\'t materialized. The official had not received any details about total arrests so far. Others cautioned that it\'s too soon to say. " Officials have said raid are slated for Atlanta, Baltimore, Chicago, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York and San Francisco. Where will female data-entry clerks and book-keepers go? Look out for a package on your doorstep the next day, or even that same day, without ever having to get in your car. The more time you give me, the more efficient I can be. And it\'s in the billions of dollars per year." But forecasting demand is still an inexact science. I would say less environmentally bad than others. "', '2019-07-16': 'Campaign Cash Adds Contours to a Wide-Open Race : Second-quarter totals show a lower tier of candidates burning through cash trying to stay viable, while the leaders banked millions. Dangerously for them, they are losing control of the political issue of corruption. How Britain\'s love affair with trains ran out of steam - CNN : Britain\'s love affair with trains ran out of steam. A 2017 study by research firm Boston Consulting Group put the UK in the middle tier of rankings of European Union countries, coming in eighth. It was followed by Denmark, Finland and Germany. " And where ministers take far fewer decisions. " The S&P 500 rose 0.53 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 3,014.30 after drifting between a gain of 0.1 percent and a loss of 0.2 percent earlier in the day. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( I am in no hurry, but things look very good!” @ We are preparing for the public markets\u2009. But saying this should not prompt hasty conclusions. @ There are, nonetheless, several concerns. Households also find themselves increasingly weighed down by consumer borrowing. So far it shows little sign of succumbing to such a temptation.', '2019-07-17': 'Latvia Races To Root Out Banks’ Graft : Corruption has driven honest investors away and damaged the Latvian economy, making the cleaning up of illicit bank activity a top priority for a new government. But now it is focusing on China’s first-tier cities such as Shanghai. “ The pound fell 0.9 per cent to $1.2399 — its lowest since April 2017. If we don’t raise pigs all this equipment is useless.” @ @ “ It used to be that every family raised pigs. @ Small-scale farmers are unlikely to be so fortunate, he predicts. “ Chinese government aid also favours big pork businesses. @ They are like a toddler who has gotten his hands on a book of matches. WASHINGTON -- President Trump lacks official power to make the Federal Reserve cut interest rates, but he may have found a way to force its hand: stoking economic uncertainty. Because policy works at a lag, moving early and pre-emptively could offer perks. " We are not immune to spillovers from decelerating global growth." A sign of a successful economy has been an independent central bank," Mr. Kaplan said. " Independence has to be earned: It means you have to be susceptible to transparency, oversight. " U.S. Hails Iran’s Willingness to Negotiate.', '2019-07-18': 'Unruly Passenger Is Fined $106,000 by British Airline : Jet2 said the disruptive conduct of Chloe Haines, 25, had forced the deployment of two military jets to escort her flight back to an airport near London. But Senate Republicans refuse to take it up. Trump’s Immigration Measures Follow European Example : Policies as hard-nosed as Mr. Trump’s have curbed migrant arrivals in Europe and Australia, but research suggests they won’t be effective in the long run. It does not mean that she will be a weak president. The combined majority of centre-left and centre-right has gone. Liberals, greens and nationalists all gained support. It would be for any new commission president. China’s “external position” is “broadly in line” with “medium-term fundamentals and desirable policies”, the IMF said. @ “ Zhang Jun, head of the school of economics at Fudan University, Shanghai, said the trend was likely to continue. @ “ Bank of America had the strongest results across the board among the five. It also reported growth in deposits and loans to consumers. " The decline stemmed from Citi\'s repurchasing shares. PHOTOGRAPHS BY LUCAS JACKSON/REUTERS; SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)', '2019-07-19': 'Democrats’ Left Turn Alarms Governors : “I think it scares people,” Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico said of a proposal to eliminate private health insurance. Safe  Deposit  Boxes  Aren’t Safe : When Philip Poniz opened Box 105 at his local Wells Fargo, he discovered it was empty — and that he was totally unprotected by federal law. The United States reserves the right to defend our personnel, facilities, and interests,” he said. Nickel continued its march higher on Thursday, hitting a one-year high above $1,500 a tonne. @ For the moment EV’s account for just 4 per cent of nickel demand. @ In a bid to identify and fight organised smuggling\u2009. In the contest between China and the US over which country can better withstand the fallout from their trade war, Beijing is looking to its consumers to keep the nation’s economy afloat. @ The data would have been worse were it not for buoyant domestic consumption. But the strong headline figures disguised underlying areas of weakness in the numbers, economists said. That has continued with an increase in special government bond issuance. @ The effectiveness of those policies is yet to be proved. “', '2019-07-20': 'Dangerous New York City Heatwave Puts Inmates In Peril : Many have no access to air conditioning and are being punished for taking off their shirts, one advocacy group said. They also risk triggering a new Red Scare. It\'s disgusting, to be honest," Rapinoe said Saturday on CNN\'s "The Van Jones Show." " To say it\'s disappointing is ... it doesn\'t even come close." " The more that we just are upset about it and don\'t accept that kind of behavior from all sides, then the better place we\'re going to be," she said. Stocks pulled further back from their records on Friday to cap the weakest week for the S&P 500 index since May. The S&P 500 fell 18.50 points, or 0.6 percent, to 2,976.61. The next meeting of the Fed\'s rate-setting committee is scheduled for the end of this month. The lack of control seems to rub at the president. Here\'s a fact check on his latest comments. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. That argument is not falling on deaf ears. If they\'re one percentage point lower, it will be just 107 percent. PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM LO SCALZO/EPA, VIA SHUTTERSTOCK)', '2019-07-21': 'British Warship Failed to Stop Iran’s Seizure of an Oil Tanker, Audio Shows : A British warship tried without success to stop the capture of an oil tanker near the Strait of Hormuz, a recording released on Sunday showed. Yet Another Smash for Disney : Disney’s domestic market share for the year stands at about 40 percent. If the warnings sound straight out of the Cold War, they are. One side is going to win, and one side is going to lose." This is the defining event of our time, and 100 years from now, this is what they\'re going to remember us for," he said. And I don\'t think we should make it again." Some suspect they are being passed over for promotions and grants. But the distinction can be a difficult one to make. Now it\'s a concern about economic competitiveness." Follow Ana Swanson on Twitter: @AnaSwanson Credit: By ANA SWANSON; Keith Bradsher contributed reporting from Beijing. Lawmakers said they weren\'t sure they could trust the company enough to let that happen. ( Is FaceApp, the viral photo-altering app, an insidious privacy concern? The leader of the party commanding a parliamentary majority is automatically prime minister. He was later sentenced to 13 years in prison.', '2019-07-22': '‘No Clarity, No Answers’ From Con Ed After Heat-Related Power Failures : By Sunday night, the load on the grid was setting a weekend record: 12,063 megawatts. More than 12,000 customers were still without electricity on Monday. But it would also increase the surging deficit. Hotpot restaurants there combine sociable feasting with customer participation. Customised sauces and salad bar are included. Rising profits from China’s largest chain, Haidilao, are the sweet desserts for investors. The market has expanded at a rate of more than 11 per cent over five years. The top five together have less than a 10th. The map above shows maximum Thursday temperatures for major UK cities, rather than the hottest areas. HeatwaveUK pic.twitter.com/b8kgilYvsE— Met Office (@metoffice) July 22, 2019  And night won\'t bring much relief. You could see temperatures in the high twenties and low thirties quite far north as well. CNN\'s Brandon Miller contributed to this report. And his party also appears to be sweeping up votes in individual constituencies, racking up another 125 seats. But it no longer appears that Zelensky will need to enter into a coalition to form a government. Read MoreFor starters, it\'s a clean slate. I believe that Russians and Ukrainians are actually one people," Putin said. Mr Abe said the public wanted constitutional reform. “ This simple yet powerful model has limits, however. Protection will lead to great prosperity and strength.” What the heck is happening to global trade?', '2019-07-23': 'Boris Johnson will be UK\'s new Prime Minister - CNN : Boris Johnson will be UK\'s new Prime Minister :  (CNN)Hardline Brexiteer Boris Johnson has won the UK\'s Conservative Party leadership contest and will take over from outgoing Prime Minister Theresa May when she steps down on Wednesday. Turnout was 87.4% with Johnson taking 66% of votes. " New Conservative Party leader and incoming Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, addresses party members Tuesday. They call him Britain Trump and people are saying that\'s a good thing. They\'re going to do some tremendous things. " Likewise, Johnson said in his acceptance speech that it had been a "privilege" to serve in May\'s cabinet. But he hasn\'t won the support of our country.— Facebook and its rivals should nevertheless view the case as a warning shot. If they become seen as the cost of carrying on with business as usual, the FTC will be undermined. Peer-to-peer ventures have failed to achieve this individually and collectively. Lufax is the latest to throw in the towel. The ensuing government crackdown brought mass shutdowns. Western Superconducting Technologies, which makes specialty metals, fell 13 per cent. So, you want to quintuple your money in a day? There is no doubt that the timing is right. His widow says she wanted no part of the payout.', '2019-07-24': 'Russian and Chinese bombers have carried out the countries’ first joint long-range air patrol in Asia, spooking regional rivals and drawing warning shots from South Korean fighter jets. @ In an update of its World Economic Outlook, published on Tuesday, the fund was slightly more pessimistic than it had been in April on prospects for this year and next, forecasting that global growth would slow to 3.2 per cent in 2019 — the weakest rate of expansion for a decade — before picking up to 3.5 per cent in 2020. @ Chen Wenyuan, chairman and holder of a 74 per cent stake in Suzhou HYC Technology, which produces flat-panel displays, saw the value of his stake jump 129 per cent to $2.4bn  the 68 per cent stake of chairman Cao Ji in Zhejiang Hangke Technology, a maker of battery testing equipment, shot up 99 per cent to $2.2bn  and at imaging technology company ArcSoft a 34 per cent stake held by majority shareholder Deng Hui rose 127 per cent to $1.3bn. I woke up at 10am, and the share price had doubled,” she said. “ It was money that came from the heavens without me doing anything. ” Most shipowners are hesitating to make a decision. ” Why Would a Chinese Tycoon Cancel on Buffett? : In China, where executives sometimes vanish, such reports are not unusual.', '2019-07-25': 'Few things should make you as optimistic — or as pessimistic — as the rise of renewable energy. Yet pessimism comes from the fact that all of this may not be enough. The Department of Justice fears US tech giants such as Amazon suppress competition. Alibaba’s latest swing at the US market therefore looks well timed. New York’s Farmworkers : Kerry Kennedy of Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights applauds the progress made in New York State. Investors expect the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates next week. Tesla shares fell about 10 percent in extended trading. But that was not the case for Tesla because it is spending heavily. The company is not about to run out of cash." Are people still buying the Model S and X? But Mr. Musk said on Twitter earlier this month and again on Wednesday that was not the case. What about the rest of the year and next year? The Model 3 sells for an average of $ 50,000. But that car will not go into production until late in 2020. Read More"Medical staff performed life-saving measures. ... He was pronounced dead Wednesday after going into cardiac arrest again. Our calls for accountability and redress have fallen on deaf ears. This marks the 4th death at Stewart in just 2 years. How many more immigrants should perish at this awful place before it\'s shut down? # The apparent cause of death was self-inflicted strangulation. CNN\'s Tina Burnside contributed to this report.', '2019-07-26': ': Frankfurt -- The European Central Bank on Thursday set the stage for a renewed attempt to improve the eurozone\'s sagging economy, saying it was considering reviving a program meant to pump money into the region\'s financial system. " In the United States, the Federal Reserve is expected to cut interest rates when it meets next week. Germany has the eurozone\'s largest economy and sets the tone for the region. There is simply not much more they can do, analysts say. Photograph The European Central Bank\'s headquarters in Frankfurt. PHOTOGRAPHS BY RALPH ORLOWSKI/REUTERS; DANIEL ROLAND/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)Mario Draghi has paved the way for a fresh package of monetary stimulus to boost the ailing eurozone economy before he departs in October, signalling the European Central Bank will cut rates and embark on a fresh round of asset purchases. @ We don’t like it and therefore we are determined to act. ” Analysts detected growing frustration as sanctions bite. AC will keep you cool during climate crisis-propelled heat waves. Cities aren\'t designed to copeRead MoreThe reason? And these designs are getting increasingly more inventive. People cool off next to the fountains at the Louvre Museum in Paris. Vikram Misri, India’s ambassador to Beijing, obsesses about two data points. @', '2019-07-27': '18,000 Jobs, and Plenty of Snubs : In France, there are few takers for tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, despite one of Europe’s highest unemployment rates. Now, the industry is being pushed to burnish its allure. He suggested that the United States should adopt the same strategy "or continue being the dummies who sit back and watch as other countries continue to play their games." The steady, reliable dollar is attracting money from all over the world." The dollar is very strong," Mr. Trump said. " It\'s a beautiful thing in one way, but it makes it harder to compete." I didn\'t say that I\'m not going to do something." Other companies are also taking a cautious approach. The second quarter of this year was the 10th anniversary of the end of the Great Recession. There are a lot of people in our economy that are still not doing that great." Europe is close to a recession or perhaps already in one. A trade deal with China looks to be months away at best. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 51.47, or 0.2 percent, to 27,192.45, and the Nasdaq composite also set a record after jumping 91.67 points, or 1.1 percent, to 8,330.21.', '2019-07-28': 'Fewer investors have a \'fear of missing out,\' so it may be time to buckle up, market bull suggests : Oppenheimer Asset Management\'s John Stoltzfus suggests investors may want to fasten their seat belts. The long-time bull expects a wave of near-term volatility to pressure stocks. " Any kind of disappointment in a sense, okay, I can kind of take profits today without FOMO [fear of missing out] gripping my soul," the firm\'s chief investment strategist told CNBC\'s "Futures Now" last Thursday. With the fear of missing out gripping fewer investors, Stoltzfus contends it\'s not the time to get aggressive. For now, Stoltzfus is bracing for a 3 to 4% pullback to strike stocks near term. He\'d look to add cyclical names such as consumer discretionary, industrials, financials and technology on weakness. " Tech looks like a great place to be because technology flows into all of the eleven sectors. Every business needs technology," Stoltzfus said. Destruction of Amazon Rain Forest Accelerates : Cutting down trees at the current rate could lead to runaway deforestation, environmentalists say. But President Bolsonaro is sticking to his promise to curb enforcement.', '2019-07-29': 'The IMF’s latest downgrade to global growth projections for this year — the fourth consecutive cut — was entirely driven by a lowering of expectations across emerging Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. Emerging markets are still growing around twice as fast as advanced economies. South Korea, Indonesia and South Africa are among the most recent. This is welcome, but is unlikely to be enough to reinvigorate output. It would represent a remarkable reversal from the tightening cycle Mr Powell pursued last year. @ He was met in Edinburgh with jeers and boos. For years, access remained prohibitively expensive and tightly controlled. The signs professional forecasters use to predict recessions.] The central bank is paying attention to that vulnerability. Back then a financial crisis in Russia, a contraction in Japan and election and reforms in Brazil threatened the United States expansion. But there are major differences between that experience and this one. PHOTOGRAPHS BY GABBY JONES FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES; ZACH GIBSON/GETTY IMAGES) (A16)Tariffs, Low Grain Prices, Floodwaters and Now No Water at All : The breach of an irrigation canal left more than 100,000 acres of farmland in Nebraska and Wyoming without water at a critical point in the growing cycle. ‘ They are looking for reassurance from his next debate on Wednesday. But he relies on some of the same firms for major campaign cash.', '2019-07-30': 'UN: More Civilians Killed By Afghan, NATO Forces Than Militants This Year : Afghan and international forces killed more than 700 civilians in the first six months of the year. The allowance is generous, considering the average Polish salary stands at just below 60,000 zloty ($15,700) a year. Seasonal workers from Poland harvest white asparagus in Germany. The exodus has had a negative impact on the economy. " The 22-year old corporate analyst came to London to study and stayed after getting a job in finance. The job she\'s got in London doesn\'t really exist in Poland. A general election must also take place by November. Ryszard Petru, member of the parliament for the opposition Now! They will be made redundant because suddenly, they\'ll be more expensive," he added. CNN\'s Tara John contributed to this report.: Stock indexes closed mostly lower on Monday as investors turned cautious ahead of a key Federal Reserve interest policy announcement and other potentially market-moving developments on tap for this week. Those losses were partially offset by gains in health care and household goods makers. Benchmark crude oil rose 67 cents to settle at $ 56.87 a barrel. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( The companies gave no valuation for the new group. Just months later, the policy environment looks very different. Chinese growth has performed relatively well.', '2019-07-31': 'Beijing Is Curbing Travel To Taiwan as Vote Nears : The move appeared intended to influence politics on the self-governing island, and possibly to prevent exposure to Taiwan’s democratic elections or sentiment that favors Hong Kong’s protesters. The unaudited numbers of this private company should be taken with a pinch of salt. But these constitute just 8 per cent of total sales of Rmb401bn ($58bn) for the half year. Here\'s what it means for all of us - CNN : Greenland is melting in a heatwave. Greenland is home to the world\'s second-largest ice sheet. CNN\'s Isabelle Gerretsen contributed to this report. They hope -- it\'s not going to happen, I hope, but they would just love if I got defeated so they could deal with somebody like Elizabeth Warren or Sleepy Joe Biden or any of these people, because then they\'d be allowed and able to continue to rip off our country like they\'ve been doing for the last 30 years." But Mr. Trump on Tuesday said no such purchases had materialized. That is the problem with China, they just don\'t come through." But the Fed could have made it a lot easier. Nobody is suggesting that this is about to happen. If so, they are doing so under increasing strain. @ “ These are unlikely to match given differences in data collection.', '2019-08-01': 'Why Rate Cuts Won’t Help Much : Interest rates have been so low for so long that further cuts may not do a lot to stave off a slowdown, the economist Austan Goolsbee says. While the economy is strong and jobs are plentiful, Mr. Powell nodded to the impact Mr. Trump\'s trade approach is having on the Fed, saying the policy uncertainty is complicating its decision-making. " Markets were also looking to Mr. Powell for more. They\'re thinking, You know, maybe another one later in the year -- maybe two over the next year or so." Credit: By JEANNA SMIALEK; Matt Phillips contributed reporting from New York. He portrayed the rate cut as a "mid-cycle adjustment." The benchmark index had its worst day in two months. The Nasdaq composite fell 98.19 points, or 1.2 percent, to 8,175.42. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Photograph Containers at the port of Hamburg, in Germany.: Given the clash between the two sides, expectations for the meeting were low. The negotiators may meet again early next month. ( It makes for a nice narrative and creates the illusion of a simple solution. First it was June, then November and now it is sometime next year. Once again, the return-to-service date for the grounded Boeing 737 Max', '2019-08-02': 'Excitement Builds Over Rights for Saudi Women : Saudi women will be able to travel without a man’s permission and receive equal treatment in the workplace, eroding a system that made women second-class citizens. The Cold-War era pact was signed by US President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev in 1987. This story has been updated to clarify the Secretary General\'s comments. CNN\'s Kylie Atwood and Zahid Mahmood contributed to this report. Johnson inherited a deeply divided Parliament. He has so far refused to rule out suspending parliament in order to do so. And not having a majority is probably the biggest of all these headaches. He has guaranteed Brexit on October 31, "do or die". The trading day didn\'t start out so badly. Over the next hour, the market\'s gains quickly melted away. The tech heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 0.8 percent. Manufacturing conditions in south-east Asia worsened for a second consecutive month in June, with factory output falling for the first time in two years. Activity also contracted across Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. @ Whether the economy really needed an interest rate cut can be debated. Even at this current level of rates, it\'s pretty unaffordable to most renters." The American economy hasn\'t matched that level since. PHOTOGRAPH BY JOE RAEDLE/GETTY IMAGES) (B4)', '2019-08-03': ': Stocks suffered their worst week of the year as jitters over trade returned to the financial markets, and investors worried that the Federal Reserve might not be as supportive of them as earlier hoped. Chinese officials said they would respond with measures of their own. It reintroduced the idea that the markets can\'t go up every day." Stocks this year have strongly rebounded from the steep declines of the final three months of 2018. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( It\'s like shooting yourself in the foot just to get another dose of morphine. I\'m looking for 400 to 500 drivers at any given time," he said. Jobless rates vary wildly depending on location. But the labor market\'s energy is still on display. Restaurants, business services, health care and education all posted solid gains. If they want to fight, then we will fight." However, the overall trade deficit increased. South Korea\'s president, Moon Jae-in, threatened retaliation. " You may have read a little bit about China lately." Follow Ana Swanson on Twitter: @AnaSwanson Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. Credit: By ANA SWANSON; Alexandra Stevenson contributed reporting from Beijing, Ben Dooley from Tokyo and Choe Sang-Hun from Seoul, South Korea. Opposition politicians have rejected this allegation.', '2019-08-04': 'Public Figures Express Anger, Disbelief Over Third U.S. Mass Shooting In A Week : At least 32 innocent people are dead. Two shooters were killed and one is in custody.: President Trump certainly wanted the Fed to take action. He said so numerous times on Twitter and on Tuesday morning demanded "a large cut"-- larger, presumably, than the Fed delivered. It has been the one bright spot in his approval ratings, and now it seems to be slowing. But lower rates may have much less impact on these behaviors now. A recent study by economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis and the University of California, San Diego, notes that these purchases occur in lumpy spurts. People tend to spend nothing on such items for long periods, then spend a lot all at once, when money is cheap and prices are enticing. A cut in rates will not deliver the same punch it usually would. We should be wary of vesting too much importance on Fed moves. The bad news is that if it things worsen, there might not be a whole lot out there to save us.', '2019-08-05': 'Acquisition of Gannett Creates Print Goliath In a $1.4 Billion Deal : GateHouse Media, a newspaper company backed by a hedge fund, agrees to buy the venerable chain for roughly $1.4 billion. On one hand, 8chan was clearly reprehensible. What a difference in perspective a few years can bring. We all know that globalisation is under threat. That correlation is now breaking down as trade becomes increasingly fractious. But those fears remind me of a triathlon I recently completed. Today, however, financial conditions are already easy. But there are other important differences from four years ago. Many were picked up through acquisitions. It’s not an option to do nothing,” Mr Fernandez said. “ Others speculated that markets might be in for a long period of trade war-related uncertainty, at least until the\xa0US election in late 2020. @ “ But this is no Manhattan real estate negotiation. This winner-takes-all approach is dangerous. Returning to a status quo ante bellum looks difficult. Both sides need to re-evaluate their positions.: A higher number represents a weaker currency. The Chinese government tightly controls the value of the renminbi. Should the circumstances change, then maybe dreams come together and things can happen. ” That is partly because of bitter experience. But this advantage is now one only of incumbency and time limited. @ He cited umbrellas, electric blankets and toys. " China\'s next move may be to give the silent treatment a try. PHOTOGRAPH BY ANNA MONEYMAKER/THE NEW YORK TIMES)', '2019-08-06': 'In Kashmir Move, Critics Say, Modi Is Making India a Hindu Nation : The prime minister says that eliminating Kashmir’s autonomy was just a reorganization. But for some, ready money can be hard to find. But the situation there is getting worse. Its consequences are in plain sight in the form of food insecurity, conflict and migration, and financial instability." said Andrew Steer, president and CEO of the World Resources Institute. After Monday, investors were up 13.5 percent. The pain was worse for companies with particularly close ties to China. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The yen’s surge beyond a key threshold against the US dollar has sparked speculation among traders in Tokyo that Japan’s $1.6tn government pension fund could engage in “stealth intervention” to soften the currency over coming weeks. @ China makes Apple’s iPhones and buys them. Tariffs threaten fragile improvement in both areas. @ Around the world there are more than 900m iPhones in use. It should have been stopped many years ago!" They would need to lower rates just to keep pace." Credit: By ANA SWANSON, ALEXANDRA STEVENSON and JEANNA SMIALEK; Ana Swanson and Jeanna Smialek reported from Washington, and Alexandra Stevenson from Beijing. Albee Zhang and Claire Fu contributed research. Opposition politicians and supporters have rejected this allegation. Neither is it a fundamental shift in monetary policy.', '2019-08-07': 'Times Adds New Readers, But Its Profits Dip in Process : The subscription number, combining print and digital, was a new high. President Ronald Reagan and UK prime minister Margaret Thatcher took on air traffic controllers and coal miners. Having the two biggest economies in the world not getting on is not good for business,” he said on Tuesday as the group reported first-half results. The Shanghai Composite Index fell 1.6 percent. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON and STEPHEN GROCER; Alexandra Stevenson reported from Beijing, and Stephen Grocer from New York. It is now hovering around $ 30 billion a month. I didn\'t say that I\'m not going to do something." But, he added, "it\'s better than nothing." Some suppliers turn around and use the notes to pay another supplier. Commercial acceptance bills are not legal tender. The bigger and better known the company, the more secure the bill is considered. Greenland did not respond to a request for comment. I even bought a Lenin badge just like Brezhnev had.', '2019-08-08': 'Poll Results Put Executive In Lineup For Debates : Mr. Yang, an entrepreneur, earned 2 percent support in a new poll, adding him to the group of Democratic presidential candidates who will go to Houston in September. Investors need to buckle in for some volatility here in the next couple of months." Corporate earnings, meanwhile, have been coming in better than expected. A month ago, they projected that probability at less than 9%. AP Business Writer Damian J. Troise contributed. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( For an island nation spread over just 700 sq km, Singapore wields outsized economic clout. We cannot communicate with anyone except our neighbours . . . It was very difficult to reach the airport. Everywhere the army stops you, and you have to argue with them.” Has China been manipulating its currency? @ The chief executive of Novartis on Wednesday defended the company\'s decision', '2019-08-09': 'U.N. Sounds Alarm Over Killings in Syria as Cease-Fire Collapses : A cease-fire agreement signed in Kazakhstan had produced a flicker of hope. The index has risen for three straight days. That averages out to one every five months or so, but they do not happen in such a regular fashion. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( A prohibition on US parts imports would be more damaging. It has gone from being a highly regarded relative to a rival. @ We’re not looking at the military option. Until this week’s trade-related falls, global equity markets had performed strongly this year, advancing as investors moved to discount possible monetary stimulus — and some fiscal expansion in various countries as well. @ Let\'s see how the economy responds to that." Who is the operator of the exchange rate?" Who is the destroyer of global economic and financial stability? That is where the American tariffs come into play. China has other options, and it is increasingly threatening to use them. China is facing a protracted economic slowdown. Credit: By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON; Cao Li and Albee Zhang contributed research. Photograph A rare earth mine in China\'s Jiangxi Province.: Whether that will happen remains a big question.', '2019-08-10': ': LONDON -- The British economy shrank in the second quarter, its first contraction in more than six years, as uncertainty over Brexit and slowing global growth took a toll. The economic slowdown occurred across Britain\'s manufacturing, construction and agriculture sectors. Photograph The City of London, Britain\'s financial center. Adm. Joe Maguire will be a superb acting DNI. As you\'ve all learned, the intelligence agencies have run amok. "" The Dow Jones industrial average fell 90.75, or 0.3 percent, to 26,287.44, and the Nasdaq lost 80.02, or 1 percent, to 7,959.14. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (: The economy is hindering Pakistan\'s options. The outcome of the peace talks and Pakistan\'s role in them will likely influence whether the country finds itself blacklisted internationally over its continued support of terrorist organizations, a move that could save or break its faltering economy. What is Article 370, and why does it matter in Kashmir?] Whoever might like to invest in Italy now thinks twice." Hauntingly beautiful, its streets are pockmarked by deterioration. That was the last time he has held a real job. Has anything changed since the populist government took over? He had planned to increase marketing and online sales. The new rules did not allow him sufficient time. "', '2019-08-11': 'Europe isn\'t that scared of Boris Johnson - CNN : Europe isn\'t that scared of Boris Johnson : London (CNN)Boris Johnson is trying to scare Europe into giving him a better Brexit deal. He hasn\'t been terribly subtle about this. But if the aim of all of this is to spook the EU, it isn\'t working. " Ever since article 50 was triggered, we knew no deal was a possibility. Threats are not going to change their mind, only credible alternatives will." It\'s why the EU is an incredibly powerful actor in negotiations with third actors." So, a red line for Ireland becomes a red line for the whole of the EU, and that\'s the end of that. Johnson has a parliamentary majority of one. This makes him vulnerable to losing a vote of no confidence. UK economy shrinks for first time since 2012. He will probably revert to his plan of trying to scare Brussels into making concessions. Boris Johnson has some big decisions to make and not much time to make them in. Domestic Extremism Festered for a Decade as the U.S. Turned Its Back : For very different reasons, the Homeland Security Department under both the Obama and Trump administrations has struggled to elevate concerns about white nationalism and extremism.', '2019-08-12': 'Investors have flocked to fixed income mutual funds at the fastest rate since the financial crisis, piling in almost $500bn in the first half of 2019 during trade war tensions, recessionary fears and market volatility. @ If they have a US identity, we will not hire them.” @ The trade war comes at a difficult moment in China’s modern economic history. Chinese productivity is not only threatened by reduced access to new technology. They also receive generous government subsidies, capital that could be invested in other ways. @ This could result in lower productivity.” @ Previous debt-fuelled excess investment\u2009. Global investment banks are shedding tens of thousands of jobs as falling interest rates, weak trading volumes and the march of automation create a brutal summer for the sector. @ Almost 30,000 lay-offs have been announced since April at banks including HSBC, Barclays, Société Générale, Citigroup and Deutsche Bank. Question is: Will the world watch & appease as they did Hitler at Munich?” With YouTube as Guide, Brazil Moves Far Right : YouTube built its business on keeping users hooked. This has been a gift to extremist groups. An investigation in the company’s second-biggest market found serious consequences.', '2019-08-13': 'Shares in the operator of China’s Shenzhen airport surged on Tuesday, the day after large-scale anti-government protests temporarily forced the closure of nearby Hong Kong airport, one of the world’s busiest. @ His aim of restoring Argentina to health through wide-ranging economic reforms was laudable. We have the greatest companies anywhere in the world," Mr. Trump said at the White House recently. " They\'re coming back to the United States." PHOTOGRAPHS BY JEAN-PIERRE CLATOT/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES; ALBERT CESARE/THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (B6)Singapore has substantially cut its  growth forecast for 2019, blaming US-China trade tensions, a cooling global economy and a downturn in its important electronics industry. @ Two people briefed on the matter said it related to messages sent via WhatsApp. The process the students ran was really impressive. They were mission-orientated, clear and rigorous. We were super excited and honoured that they would invest.” @ Asset prices will undoubtedly begin to reflect this, and possibly quite soon. It’s an opinion based on data, not on emotion. The major indexes are down more than 3 percent for August. That pulled down the yield on the 10-year Treasury note to 1.64 percent from 1.73 percent late Friday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print.', '2019-08-14': 'The Trump administration said it would delay imposing a 10 per cent tariff on a series of consumer goods imported from China — including laptops and cell phones — until December, in a bid to ease fears about the trade war’s impact on markets and the economy. @ In the latest escalation, both countries have removed one another from trade whitelists and South Korea’s national pension fund has threatened to disinvest from Japanese companies. South Korea may limit chip exports in retaliation. Shares in the country’s number two e-commerce group hit an 11-month high in July. A surprise profit, solid user growth, a better than expected rise in revenue and soothing words on current trading did just that. However, key data tell the opposite story. @ But Beijing shows little sign of buckling. They\'re coming back to the United States." But he said, "You\'re also going to have factories moving back in from other places around the world, including China." PHOTOGRAPHS BY JEAN-PIERRE CLATOT/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES; ALBERT CESARE/THE CINCINNATI ENQUIRER, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (B6)The Trump administration said it would delay imposing a 10 per cent tariff on a series of consumer goods imported from China — including laptops and cell phones — until December, in a bid to ease fears about the trade war’s impact on markets and the economy. @', '2019-08-15': 'Solar power in China is now cheaper than the grid in hundreds of cities - CNN : Solar power is now cheaper than the grid in hundreds of Chinese cities : London (CNN Business)Solar energy in hundreds of Chinese cities is now cheaper than electricity supplied by the national grid, and it can even compete with coal-fired power in 75 of them, a new study has found. And Chinese solar panel manufacturers have faced protests from locals who accuse them of mishandling hazardous waste.: Continuing his remarks, the president again swung between both positions. " Here\'s what we know about it to this point. Some of those tariffs will take effect on Sept. 1 as planned. The next round of tariffs will accelerate it even further. Both experienced price increases in July. Photograph A container ship in Qingdao, China. On Wednesday, the tremors were felt worldwide. Another rate cut next month looks likely. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!" Exports are responsible for nearly half of Germany\'s economic output and almost a fifth of China\'s. Special Forces Sergeant, Killed in Ambush in Niger, Is Awarded a Silver Star : The award to Staff Sgt. There’s a lot priced in terms of bad news, but for now the momentum remains extremely strong.” @ “', '2019-08-16': 'Bad News for German Economy Could Be Good News for Far Right : At a moment when populism is riding high in different corners of Europe, a slowdown in the Continent’s richest democracy could add fuel to the fire.2020 Calculus Runs Through Mideast : After the president enlists Benjamin Netanyahu to deny entry to two Muslim members of Congress, both parties warn that bipartisan support for Israel is in danger. Ms. Tlaib initially agreed then canceled. We have the best numbers we\'ve ever had -- let\'s vote for somebody else."\' His talk was also marked by repeated inconsistencies. Follow Maggie Haberman and Peter Baker on Twitter: @maggienyt @peterbakernyt. Katie Rogers contributed reporting from Manchester. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!" The latest temporary reprieve on tariffs does little to ease this uncertainty." Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( He insisted it was too strong for that to happen. Officials will complete a revised forecast at the end of October.) Silicon Valley is belatedly waking up to the fact that China systematically extracts the most advanced technology from the west, using both legal and nefarious means. @ But this is not any old tariff row that will eventually blow over. How did we get to this parting of the ways?', '2019-08-17': ': LONDON -- Traders who have been frantically following market swerves, tied to the trade war and a broad economic slowdown, had an unexpected respite on Friday. I\'m not sure people expected how large a die-off we\'d see on these rivers," she said. They\'ve never recorded a temperature above 76 degrees Fahrenheit. " But in other areas, things are looking up. " Facebook did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Facebook has revealed few details since initially disclosing the attack. ASSOCIATED PRESS g elitt, 10 a diam no nummy nim euismod aliquip ex ea commodo conqse quatt. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By REUTERS and THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph (PHOTOGRAPH BY LEONHARD FOEGER/REUTERS) CHART: FRANKFURT -- When a debt crisis slammed the eurozone nearly a decade ago, Germany\'s powerhouse economy helped lift troubled neighbors like Greece, Portugal and Spain above the turmoil. It includes France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, Slovakia and Sweden. The relationships sometimes border on dependency. The biggest squeeze comes from the trade war. Eurozone growth has already been meager this year. International coordination is breaking down," he said. "', '2019-08-18': 'Trump and Food Stamps : A reader says an estimated three million people would lose benefits under the new rule. Also: Gay families and adoption; advertising of sex products in the subway; the joys of swimming. Buffett Takes a Risk On Shares in Banks : Growth is slowing, worries of a recession are rising and the Fed just cut interest rates. Wall Street analysts expect lower rates to crimp banks’ profitability. No-deal Brexit: UK faces food and fuel shortages , says leaked plan  - CNN : UK faces food and fuel shortages in no-deal Brexit, says leaked plan  : London (CNN)With less than 75 days until Britain is set to exit the European Union, a government report leaked to The Sunday Times newspaper reveals the disastrous effects a no-deal Brexit would unleash on the country. " These are likely, basic, reasonable scenarios — not the worst case. " Some have disputed the accuracy of the report. " Countdown to October 31The UK had been due to leave the EU on March 29 this year. He will meet with French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel ahead of the G7 summit in Biarritz in France next weekend. The prospect of a Brexit breakthrough looks unlikely. Currently, Johnson has a parliamentary majority of one. This makes him vulnerable to losing a vote of no-confidence. CNN\'s Max Foster in London and Elizabeth Wells in Atlanta contributed to this report', '2019-08-19': 'Sea Snakes: Poorly Understood and at Risk : Sea snakes are the most diverse group of marine reptiles in the world, but they are poorly understood and threatened by development. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Its guiding principle: “We will not let them fail. ” As ever with Apple, its laser-etched titanium card is beautifully packaged, and promises to change the world. The LPR will be published on the 20th of each month, starting on Tuesday. @ The final details of the extension had not been ironed out, so there could be some changes to the announcement that could make it fall short of a blanket renewal, however. The commerce department declined to comment. @ For US tech companies, it all began promisingly enough. Even this, however, might be wishful thinking. That could in future invite retaliation against US companies. @ @ Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines -- and the power-brokers who shape them. __________ It is now among the five biggest shareholders in Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, U.S. Bancorp and Bank of New York and owns big stakes in others. In the same period, the S&P 500 is essentially unchanged. " They are still treated as the toxic, levered housing play they were in 2007." Undervaluation, after all, is why we own these positions.) Bank stocks rose that year and through 2017. Perhaps that\'s the catalyst," Ms. Kaplan added.', '2019-08-20': 'Baidu’s second-quarter revenues exceeded expectations as the Chinese technology group noted membership growth in its video streaming platform and reported a profit, having swung to a loss at the start of the year for the first time since 2005. @ History doesn’t repeat itself but often rhymes. It prefers to forget the years 1959, 1969 and 1989. Business must now show it is ready to put the change into practice. @ Pressure has been building for some time. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own. Voters will be paying increasing attention to the race. Sichuan “hot pot” is not everyone’s idea of comfort food. Chilled beer supplies a welcome relief. @ So the key question facing EM investors is: how bad can things get from here? @ The second geopolitical issue involves US-China tensions. There is a significant risk that the current trade war . It goes without saying that this would have much graver economic and market consequences,” he added. @ Technology companies on Monday powered a rally on Wall Street that gave the market its third straight gain. Chip-makers including Qualcomm, Intel and Micron all rose. Smaller company stocks also had a good day. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at', '2019-08-21': 'Donald Trump has scrapped a state visit to Denmark and a meeting with Mette Frederiksen, the country’s prime minister, after she rebuffed his interest in purchasing Greenland. @ I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!” If such flows became significant, they would add to pressure on the currency. Signs are emerging that outflows from the mainland may indeed be gathering pace. @ If there is a canary in the coal mine, it’s that flow,” he said.: It was also eliminated in the final rule. A big chunk of senior bank executives\' compensation is made up of stock. This isn\'t something we\'ve decided to do. Credit: By JEANNA SMIALEK, PETER EAVIS and EMILY FLITTER; Jeanna Smialek reported from Washington, and Peter Eavis and Emily Flitter from New York. PHOTOGRAPH BY JONATHAN ERNST/REUTERS) (B5)The EU rejected Boris Johnson\'s latest call for a fundamental reworking of the terms for Britain’s withdrawal from the bloc on Tuesday as the UK prime minister prepared to meet German chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since he took office last month. @ The price fall of the past few weeks should have come as no surprise. It previously forecast growth of 3.3 per cent. But two other big retailers didn\'t fare as well. He may not provide what the market wants."', '2019-08-22': 'Trump Relieves Student Debt For Veterans : The directive came after 53 attorneys general criticized the federal Education Department for cumbersome eligibility rules for disabled veterans to eliminate their college loan debt. Now he intends to seek another term as governor of Washington. We do not need authorities deciding about who is a \'hero\' and who is \'illegal.\' Dear #PiaKlemp, your worries are justified and your apprehensions are legitimate," he wrote. " The two sides face off in court Sept. 12, according to court documents. The consent order included a clause that read "neither party shall make any public statement about this case other than to refer to the terms of this settlement agreement or public documents filed in this case. But life in Bangladesh refugee camps is intolerable. And he raised the threat of military escalation. It was always going to be a tough meeting for Johnson. " Emmanuel Macron hosted Boris Johnson at the Elysee Palace in Paris on Thursday. It could also spark food, medicine and fuel shortages.: But the reality is that\'s not really the case." But the recent numbers from top American retailers tell a different story. Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( A justice department spokesman said Mr Tao was in custody. @ The company’s second-quarter results were hit by', '2019-08-23': 'Tycoon’s Support for Protests Brings Unenviable Promotion in the ‘Gang of 4’ : Jimmy Lai, alone among the territory’s elite, supports the protests and refuses to pay even token obeisance to Beijing, which calls him a “black hand” and a C.I.A. agent. Everyone is suspicious, but the biggest suspicion comes from NGOs,” Mr Bolsonaro said. Summits are supposed to make global problems easier to manage. Fifty Danish soldiers lost their lives fighting alongside US troops in Afghanistan. But if the economy turns south, that could change. It feels like people are getting creative out of necessity to make ends meet." Maria Tidwell, a 38-year-old resident of Longview, Tex., Her husband recently took her to upgrade her engagement ring. " About the survey: The data in this article came from an online survey of 2,994 adults conducted by the polling firm SurveyMonkey from Aug. 5 to Aug. 11. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus three percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant. American tariffs on European automobiles remain a possibility. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. The more a central bank eases, the less powerful monetary policy becomes. But he cautioned against expecting too much. "', '2019-08-24': ': Stocks fell sharply on Wall Street on Friday after President Trump responded to China\'s threat of new tariffs on American imports with an angry volley of tweets, helping to push the market to its fourth-straight weekly loss. The Dow Jones industrial average declined 2.4 percent. In his speech at a conference in Jackson, Wyo., This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. You have a nice chat, you have some good wine, and you go home." Credit: By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and JIM TANKERSLEY; Matina Stevis-Gridneff contributed reporting from Brussels. The couple separated in 2018 after 25 years of marriage. Johnson was born in New York City to British parents and once held dual citizenship. Johnson\'s Conservative Party won a majority in the UK\'s general election, securing his position as Prime Minister. Together we will beat this," Johnson said. Uncertainty is generally bad for the economy, as firms put off making fixed investments until the uncertainty is resolved," said N. Gregory Mankiw, a Harvard professor and former chief White House economist for President George W. Bush. " Of course, uncertainty is an inevitable fact of life. But uncertainty caused by erratic policymakers is gratuitous." Follow Peter Baker on Twitter: @peterbakernyt.', '2019-08-25': 'British PM Boris Johnson says he\'ll ask Donald Trump not to escalate the trade war with China at the G7 summit  - CNN : British PM Boris Johnson says he\'ll ask Donald Trump not to escalate the trade war with China at the G7 summit  :  (CNN)British Prime Minister Boris Johnson told reporters Saturday that he will ask US President Donald Trump not to escalate the trade war with China. Read MoreTrump arrived in France Saturday morning. The G7 represents the world\'s major economies. The membership includes the United States, Germany, France, Japan, Italy, Canada and the United Kingdom. CNN\'s Kay Guerrero and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report. See a full list of those locations below.) We have spent a lot of time thinking about how to grow. Target said many items will be under $20, with most ranging from $2 to $200. I can\'t think about a better national brand partner than Disney.: Sign up for our politics newsletter and join the conversation around the 2020 presidential race.] He makes it worse with his unpredictability." " Few candidates have thus far proposed spending increases, tax cuts or other measures designed as immediate economic stimulus. This is a completely different use of a well-utilized tool in going after what appears to be a purely economic dispute."', '2019-08-26': 'Markets in Asia Unnerved By Vows to Ramp Up Tariffs : Asian markets ended lower, but shares on Wall Street and in European markets rose after President Trump and Beijing officials publicly discussed potentially restarting stalled talks. Macron slams Bolsonaro for \'disrespectful comments\' about wife Brigitte Macron - CNN : Macron slams Brazil\'s Bolsonaro for \'extremely disrespectful comments\' about his wife :  (CNN)French President Emmanuel Macron has described his Brazilian counterpart Jair Bolsonaro as "extremely disrespectful" after the South American leader appeared to mock his wife, Brigitte Macron, in a Facebook post. But Mr. Trump appeared to quickly shrug off any doubts he might have been harboring. I have second thoughts about everything," he said. But there were clear points of contention, Russia among them. He said it "clearly violates the relevant U.N. Security Council Resolution." Iranian officials said he would not meet with any Americans. PHOTOGRAPH BY ERIN SCHAFF/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A1); A Group of 7 session. Banks, securities houses and trust companies were able to raise cash from wealthy investors and structure lending products through accounts at asset management companies. Shares in Tokyo opened more than 2 percent lower. It is simply that the US may well lose. @ A patriotic backlash in China has already begun. We are pursuing clean air for everyone in Amsterdam by making traffic emissions-free and reducing emissions from other sources." These zones will be expanded, and the regulations tightened. But that scale brings its own challenges.', '2019-08-27': 'Iranian President Rouhani: Trump Must First Lift Sanctions Before Talks : Donald Trump had said Monday at the G-7 that there\'s a "really good chance" that he and Hassan Rouhani could meet to discuss their nuclear impasse. Icelanders can\'t remember a hotter summer. April, May and June were also unusually dry and warmer than usual. Then, in 2009, it almost completely disappeared. Bulging groundThe melting glaciers have other consequences. There is now a plaque commemorating its existence. The production of barley has already increased dramatically. Tourists rushing inBut all that effort has one major problem. With the country\'s total population of just over 360,000, it\'s a significant sector. There is concern that maybe we have too many tourists.: We\'re now almost double the size the economy." But, Mr. Scissors said, that is not the same thing as "showing a decline." Many car companies are now operating plants in the United States and building plants in the United States." He vowed to raise tariffs on $ 550 billion of Chinese goods. There is not going to be any de-escalation any time soon." PHOTOGRAPH BY ANDREW KELLY/REUTERS) (B1); Gradall Industries in New Philadelphia, Ohio. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 269.93 points, or 1.1 percent, to 25,898.83.', '2019-08-28': 'Gillibrand Ends Campaign After Missing Debate Threshold : The New York senator anchored her candidacy in issues of women’s equality, but she was unable to gain traction and her failure to qualify for the next debate convinced her to withdraw. Low interest rates are tough on vulnerable households negative rates are brutal. For a long time, working in Big Tech was the dream for many young people. What Happens Now That Parliament Will Have Less Time to Debate? : John Bercow, the Speaker of the House of Commons, called the move a "constitutional outrage." Sheena McKenzie, Sarah Dean, Barbara Wojazer, James Frater, Lauren Kent, Florence Davey-Attlee, Anna Stewart and Nada Altahe contributed to this report. Thousands of boots are being produced at the same time. " When Justin Trudeau vowed that Canada would “not escalate but . . . China\'s currency weakened by 0.15 percent against the dollar on Tuesday. It was a decline that -- on its own -- seems unremarkable. Political considerations play absolutely no role." Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!" And this isn\'t some \'deep state\' fake: They genuinely don\'t want to get into it, because ultimately they are accountable to Congress."', '2019-08-29': 'Ruling May Mean More Prison Time for Chief of Samsung in Bribery Case : South Korea’s Supreme Court found that J.Y. Lee, the company’s de facto leader, had paid more in bribes to the former president than a lower court had ruled. Getting man to the moon involved overcoming gravity. READ: Caster Semenya blocked from competing at World ChampionshipsEliud Kipchoge won the London Marathon this year. A technological boostTucker is concerned that modern high-performance running shoes are so efficient they take away from the human achievement. Is Kipchoge an outlier of immense athletic potential? But the point is we don\'t know with absolute certainty. It\'s just about feet, legs, lungs, heart and brain. And they do carry risks for investors who are buying now. We do not publicly comment on internal budget deliberations. The New York Times first reported Giuliani\'s talks with the official. Giuliani claims that Yermak asked him questions and that he didn\'t ask the Ukrainian lawyer to do anything because he "didn\'t need to." CNN\'s Ryan Browne, Michael Warren and Pamela Brown contributed to this report. Retailers, health care and industrial companies notched solid gains. The S&P 500-stock index rose 18.78 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,887.94. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The group has exclusive licensing rights to 20m songs. This would fortify the stronghold further.', '2019-08-30': 'Iowa and Nevada Caucuses May Get Pass on Including Remote Voters : Iowa Democrats wanted to allow some caucusgoers to vote by phone next year, but committee leaders concluded that such a system would not be secure. The trend shows how advances in political stability and economic integration can drive deforestation. Here are the 20 Democrats who are running for presidentSen. Still, he voiced his confidence in Iowa. " Iowa made their case, the DNC made their case. They have been working in good faith together. That would be like the worst-case scenario for everyone involved, including and most of all, the Iowa caucuses. The Des Moines Register and The New York Times were among the outlets to earlier report on the DNC\'s intentions to reject Iowa\'s plan. executive, as the party\'s chief security officer. Our members are in China for the long term. Lab-grown diamonds have grown dramatically in popularity over the past 10 years. The moratorium, however, appears to be largely symbolic. I am really not very good at daily management”. @ Real power doesn\'t sit with the Queen or in Parliament. Our message to Johnson is this: If you steal our democracy, we\'ll shut down the streets," she added. Richard Greene contributed to this article.: Stocks finished with broad gains on Wall Street Thursday, driving the Dow Jones industrial average more than 300 points higher.', '2019-08-31': 'Brazil\'s Bolsonaro Vows To Stop Using Bic Pens Amid Spat With France\'s Macron : The Brazilian president says he\'s dumping the French brand in favor of one of his country\'s own as tensions ratchet up between the two nations. Financial, industrial and health care stocks were among the big winners. The stock indexes wavered between small gains and losses through much of the day, with trading volumes lighter than usual. Some of the Trump administration\'s additional tariffs on Chinese products take effect on Sunday and others on Dec. 15. Both companies reported quarterly profits that easily beat analyst forecasts. The markets will be closed on Monday for Labor Day. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (: But if in fact the economy sours, then it is someone else\'s fault. Then there are the Democrats, and not to mention the news media. He repeated his point later with reporters. " That\'s always been true regardless of the merits. He is clearly trying to make sure he has some fingers to point." The Chinese know that and they do not have an election to worry about. Follow Peter Baker on Twitter: @peterbakernyt. There are hazards to such an integrated global monetary and financial system. Germany is actually \'getting paid\' to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! We trade with one another, not with Mars."', '2019-09-01': 'Florida sea level rise: Can small towns afford to adapt? - That won\'t work in Florida : Delray Beach, Florida (CNN)Guus van Kesteren moved to Delray Beach 23 years ago. In more than two decades, he\'s seen hurricanes send water surging over his seawall and into his lawn. Many cities like ours have not even gotten that. " Some think the question of how to pay for the defenses needed to ward off rising seas could become a serious crisis for small towns and cities up and down America\'s coasts. That\'s more than six times the 2019 requested budget for the US Department of Education. We know based on the way we conducted the study that it\'s a low estimate," Wiles said. " It will cost more than that for the state of Florida to ultimately build these defenses. " Some of those solutions are being employed in South Florida, but they may not be as effective here. I don\'t know if people really want to admit that yet. " Students and teachers say it has made them more engaged with society. Hurricane Dorian Intensifies To Dangerous Category 5 Storm : The storm\'s maximum sustained winds increased to 160 mph before barreling through the northern Bahamas on Sunday.', '2019-09-02': 'August has often seen the start of major debt crises. The Latin American crisis began on August 12, 1982. In this weekly summer series, our writers try different out-of-office activities to see whether they help develop creativity. @ On the one hand, it is the best of times. On the other hand, barely a week goes by without cultural institutions being rocked by criticisms over corporate connections. More austerity will ultimately be needed. @ It is even tweaking the title to make it sound more appealing: what used to be "temporary inspector" is now a "peanut grading inspector." It is an example of what\'s happening nationwide. There\'s a lot more opportunity for advancement and higher pay in the private sector." The result is widespread employee shortages. We knew it was going to be a struggle to compete," he said. Ms. Cuffie has not worked formally in years. The question for state, local and even federal employers now is: What happens next? That is leaving average Americans with more money in their pocket and greater wherewithal to spend. CNN\'s Claudia Otto and Ivana Kottasova contributed to this report. A group of opposition and rebel Conservative lawmakers are expected to support the legislation this week. It still needs approval from President Trump.', '2019-09-03': "Among the oddities of Donald Trump’s negotiating style is his willingness to reveal his hand. @ “ The wisdom of this tactic, which Niccolò Machiavelli did not find room for in The Prince, is questionable. @ Stocks are overvalued, and US stocks are particularly overvalued. Go global and you might see a small positive return. Boris Johnson has just taken a huge gamble over Brexit - CNN : Boris Johnson has just taken a huge gamble over Brexit : London (CNN)Boris Johnson has just taken an enormous gamble. And he made good on threats he would seek a general election, tabling a motion that called for a vote mid-October. Pro-EU supporters protest outside Parliament on Tuesday. So he would find it hard to oppose one now. It is a gamble, but then you have to think about what are the other options and they don't look that great either. With the end of the cold war, it looked as if globalisation had tamed power politics and heralded a more peaceful world. States woke up and realised that global networks could be weaponised. For example, one barometer of future growth expectations are real yields, adjusted for inflation. It was the third consecutive month of net buying. Two other state-controlled investors, asset managers Cinda and Great Wall, subsequently became large shareholders. @", '2019-09-04': 'Italy’s Five Star Movement has voted heavily in favour of a coalition with a centre-left rival, putting the country on track for a new government and closing the door on Matteo Salvini’s bid to win power through a snap election. @ There has been little legal precedent about its use. Read MoreAll of this carbon dioxide is warming the planet. Man tries to avoid ocean water that has spread onto this Miami Beach street during a high tide. Food shortages could become a serious issue. The other services have seen climbing rates too. Any reading below 50 signals a contraction. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. We are trying to pass it on, but you end up reducing volume." Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter. Credit: By ANA SWANSON; Jeanna Smialek contributed reporting from Washington, and Matt Phillips from New York. How, in the name of all that is good and holy, is there no longer room in the Conservative Party for Nicholas Soames," asked Ruth Davidson, the Conservatives\' departing leader in Scotland, who has frequently sparred with Johnson on his take-no-prisoners Brexit strategy. A vote on that measure was due to be held later. Winston Churchill\'s grandson expelled from Conservative Party by Boris Johnson', '2019-09-05': 'Record Fine for Michigan St. in Nassar Case : The Education Department announced a $4.5 million fine for Michigan State University over the Larry Nassar scandal and ordered an overhaul of its handling of sexual assault.: That spurred Asian stock markets to finish broadly higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.47 percent from 1.46 percent late Tuesday. Communication services, industrial and financial stocks also notched solid gains. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( There are also signs that business activity is slackening. So how worried should Americans really be? The answer isn\'t as simple as either "run for the hills" or "everything is fine." But those sectors are a relatively small share of the economy. The unemployment rate has now been 4 percent or lower for more than a year. It was since the start of 2019, not 2018. The prime minister appeared gratified but wary. The result was a banquet for light-loving microbes. The European Central Bank has also stepped up scrutiny. Lagarde has understood, that economics and ecology must go together." " Credit: By LIZ ALDERMAN; Jack Ewing contributed reporting from Frankfurt. That came as the current economic expansion broke records and we experienced a global slide in measures of manufacturing sentiment. @', '2019-09-06': '‘They’re All Idiots’: Amid Chaos of Brexit, Britons Lose Faith in Politicians : Whether they wanted to leave or remain in the European Union, British voters agreed that politicians are a “joke,” particularly, it seems, Prime Minister Boris Johnson. And with it went precious data about the state of the Baltic Sea. Its sensors measure the sea\'s salinity, concentrations of methane, oxygen and carbon dioxide and temperature. Past rounds of negotiations have failed to yield progress. We\'ve seen headlines on trade so many times," Mr. Delwiche said. " The Dow rose 372.68 points, or 1.4 percent, to 26,728.15. The average was briefly up by 480 points. Payroll processor ADP reported that American businesses added 195,000 jobs in August, well above economists\' expectations. The positive report gave already rising bond yields an additional push. Consumer-focused companies also rose broadly. Credit: By ANA SWANSON and MATT PHILLIPS; Ana Swanson reported from Washington, and Matt Phillips from New York. Keith Bradsher contributed reporting from Beijing. The patrolmen’s union would rather pick a fight. Exsanguination refers to draining of the blood, or a significant loss of blood. The exchange’s website was also experiencing intermittent outages. said White House press secretary Stephanie Grisham. The Washington Examiner first reported the meeting with Bannon. Pompeo has until next June\'s filing deadline to decide.', '2019-09-07': ': In a vacuum, the latest numbers on the job market are pretty solid, even good. So against that backdrop, what are the new numbers telling us? When the unemployment rate is as low as it is, there simply aren\'t as many potential workers out there to fill jobs as there once were. Wages are rising steadily but not spectacularly. Assuming this pattern continues, it is not some terrible situation.: These policy measures are too mild and too little to stop the slowdown." The central bank\'s move is its latest to ease monetary policy. Credit: By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON; Cao Li contributed reporting from Hong Kong. Boris Johnson\'s Brexit options are all bad - CNN : Boris Johnson\'s Brexit options are so bad that he might have to call a no-confidence vote in himself :  (CNN)Boris Johnson keeps saying he really, really doesn\'t want an election. The election optionRead MoreIt looks like a good idea. That view was later endorsed by Parliament\'s Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee. But these are unprecedented times, and that which once seemed unthinkable is now very much possible. And once that fails, then he would have to think \'well, okay, so who\'s it going to be. Technology, communications and utilities stocks fell, as did bond yields and gold prices. We\'re just looking for someone who is hard-working. We serve all Americans, regardless of their political party." A key bond market recession indicator is flashing red.', '2019-09-08': 'After a torrid week Boris Johnson is fighting to take back control - CNN : Boris Johnson had a torrid week. The return of Parliament brought the new Prime Minister\'s honeymoon period to a crashing and miserable end days earlier. And now, with options dwindling, Johnson is primed for another weeklong battle. Boris Johnson during Prime Minister\'s Questions last week. The UK could be heading for an early election. That\'s something Johnson has said he\'ll never do -- he\'d rather be "dead in a ditch," he said in a speech on Thursday. But in a matter of hours, it will be law. The situation has fueled inevitable whispers: could Johnson knowingly ignore the decree, essentially breaking the law in order to take Britain out of the EU?Boris Johnson\'s Brexit options"Of course this government will obey the law," Chancellor Sajid Javid told the BBC on Sunday. Another sting in the tale, however, could come from Europe. The British must say to us what they want," he added. " They say they want to propose other alternative solutions and arrangements... but we haven\'t seen them. We are not going to restart every three months. " There\'s turmoil in the opposition, tooIf Johnson\'s prospects are looking bleak, things aren\'t much better on the other side. Those splits could erupt if Corbyn calls a no confidence motion in Johnson\'s government this week. That would be a remarkable move, but this young government hasn\'t been afraid of making bullish decisions.', '2019-09-09': 'Review: Google Nest Hub\'s new smart display can read your face, but some may find that too creepy : Google\'s Nest Hub Max, a larger version of the Nest Hub that was announced during Google I/O in June, is now available for purchase. They were able to see me and my entire kitchen, though, which means they benefited from my better camera. If you\'re worried about the camera, you can turn it off. My wife told me she thinks it\'s "creepy." If that appeals to you, then yes it\'s a good buy. Follow @CNBCtech on Twitter for the latest tech product news. But the results of Sunday\'s vote could have far-reaching impact. Well-equipped riot police showed that they were effective at quelling protests. Vladimir Putin has dominated Russia for 20 years. He fell ill in custody and his physician suspected poisoning by an unknown substance.) How have the authorities reacted to this new challenge to the ruling party? Read MoreElderly populations are particularly vulnerable. Freshippo is an unconventional supermarket. Retail analysts have been enthusiastic. “ ” When Kansai Paint bought three east African companies in 2017 in what was the largest corporate takeover in the region for two years, many analysts predicted it would be a precursor to greater Japanese investment on the continent. @ It\'s also unclear whether the EU would agree to a further delay. Bushfire near the rural town of Canungra in southeastern Queensland, Australia, on September 6, 2019.', '2019-09-10': 'North Korea launched its latest weapons test on Tuesday morning, despite moves just hours just earlier to restart talks over denuclearisation with the US. @ The South Korean military officials did not immediately provide further details on the launch. @ Saudi Arabia’s new energy minister has moved to reassure oil markets that production cuts co-ordinated with Opec and Russia would remain in place, as the kingdom accelerates plans for a listing of its state-owned oil company. @ Banks make uneasy investors, especially in their own corporate clients. VTB caught the hot potato thrown by Mr Deripaska. By the time it took on the larger holding, that valuation had far more than halved. Two-thirds of its operating earnings come from aluminium. @ Major stock indexes ended mixed Monday as large companies gave up early gains and smaller companies closed broadly higher. Payment processors helped weigh down technology sector stocks. Lenders rely on higher yields to set more lucrative interest rates on loans. The dollar rose to 107.24 Japanese yen from 106.92 yen on Friday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Then President Trump pulled the plug on the talks. President Trump says she “hates the United States. ” We have not yet seen any impact on the U.S. economy." PHOTOGRAPH BY ANNA MONEYMAKER/THE NEW YORK TIMES)', '2019-09-11': 'Bid for Power Couple: Hong Kong-London Exchange : The nearly $37 billion offer from the Hong Kong exchange to buy its London counterpart faces tough odds. Often preceded by logging, they are intended to clear trees for cattle ranching and crop planting. @ The fires which consume thousands of hectares of virgin forest each year are depressingly familiar. New this year was the more laid-back attitude of Brazil’s president. China is scrapping a quota system for foreign institutional investment, freeing fund managers to buy up stocks and bonds without a hard limit as Beijing seeks to cushion the impact of an economic slowdown and its trade war with Washington. @ A spectre is haunting the global economic system. “ It is defined as an investor taking at least a 10 per cent ownership stake. Yet this vision is increasingly outdated. Independent contractors also pay their own expenses. The bill, known as AB-5, still needs to pass the state assembly. Drivers have been fighting for better treatment for several years. Providing benefits and rights to which an employee would be entitled can be costly. Britain should always be open to the best talent from across the world," he wrote on Twitter. " Brilliant move by PM (Prime Minister) @borisjohnson. This document is complete save for one section that has been marked as redacted on', '2019-09-12': 'White House surrenders on Ukraine foreign aid - CNNPolitics : White House surrenders on Ukraine foreign aid : (CNN)Trump administration officials lifted a hold on $250 million in military assistance to Ukraine on Wednesday, multiple sources told CNN, ending weeks of uncertainty about the future of the aid. Graham credited Durbin\'s measure with forcing the White House\'s hand. WASHINGTON -- The world has gone topsy-turvy. On the flip side, consumers benefit from cheaper loans. Practically, that means borrowers\' outstanding balances are reduced by more than they pay in a given period. And investors definitely feel the aftershock. Critics\' fears that they would touch off widespread cash hoarding did not materialize in Europe. Stephen Grocer contributed reporting from New York. That deal, signed in 1998, helped end decades of bloody sectarian violence in which more than 3,000 people died. Within the world of politics the well-recognised phenomena of claim and counterclaim, assertion and counter-assertion, allegation and denial, blow and counter-blow, alteration and modification of government policy, public statements, unpublished deliberations, posturing, strategy and tactics are the very essence of what is both countenanced and permitted in a democratic society," he added. Trump Claims Largest Taliban Toll in 10 Years. Stock exchanges have been transformed as a result. Shares in the London Stock Exchange Group rose 6.6 percent on Wednesday, to 7,254 pence.', '2019-09-13': 'The Experts Weigh In : Joe Biden had a strong start, but stumbled over race. The Nasdaq added 24.79 points, or 0.3 percent, to 8,194.47. The index is also on track for its best September since 2013. Health care stocks gave up an early gain. Higher yields drive interest rates on mortgages and other consumer loans higher, which drives up bank profits. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. ( We are looking at potentially extending the portfolio," he said. " So you have to treat it with a lot of care." Credit: By ALAN RAPPEPORT and MATT PHILLIPS; Alan Rappeport reported from Washington, and Matt Phillips from New York. If I have been remotely ambiguous so far, let me make myself crystal clear. We sadly regret a third fatality in Almeria." Varias localidades continúan en alerta ante las lluvias torrenciales. Flash flooding is causing widespread road closures and serious disruption to public transportation. The most affected areas are the accesses to the facilities. Check the status of your flight with your airline. Not to be outdone, Reuters reported Friday that it could be as low as $10 billion. That does not support sovereign bond purchases lasting for very long." The lack of access to electricity sentences them literally to premature death. "', '2019-09-14': 'Trump Asylum Hurdle Is Tough, but Not Unique : President Trump’s plan to bar migrants from seeking asylum in the United States is similar to a scheme employed by Australia since 2012. Europe tried a comparable scheme in 2016, but it didn’t work. The S&P 500 notched its third straight weekly gain on Friday, even as the major stock indexes ended the day mostly lower. That helped lift bank stocks, which rely on higher yields to set interest rates and make more money from loans. Gold fell $ 7.80 to $ 1,492.90 per ounce, silver fell 60 cents to $ 17.44 per ounce and copper rose 6 cents to $ 2.68 per pound. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( Boris Johnson is trapped in a Brexit prison he helped build - CNN : Boris Johnson is trapped in a Brexit prison he helped build : London (CNN)Boris Johnson never imagined it would be this hard. Instead, the table crashed down on his head. His biggest headache is that he doesn\'t have a parliamentary majority. But that takes the UK perilously close to the October 31 deadline. His credibility in Brussels is near enough shot already. ": The really good part about this is there is some relaxation in the air with China exempting some tariffs. Credit: By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON; Ana Swanson and Catie Edmondson contributed reporting from Washington.', '2019-09-15': 'Putin\'s fiscal fortress shields Russia from recession, global turbulence and the West - CNN : Putin builds war chest as Kremlin digs in for the next crisis :  (CNN)In the latest display of deepening cracks in the West\'s formerly unified economic campaign against Russia, France\'s Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters Monday that "the time is right" for reconciliation in EU-Moscow relations. Read MoreWith the help of skilled technocrats like Elvira Nabiullina, the head of Russia\'s central bank, Putin has built a foundation designed to insulate the Kremlin from external pressures, such as sanctions, and bolster the Russian economy\'s ability to weather future economic storms -- whether they are falling oil prices or a global recession. " For every dollar that Russia earns from oil and gas, 80 cents of that is oil and only 20 cents of it is gas." Miller described its possible impact in this way: "You get foreign policy now, but you lose impact later.: It was a good week for soybean farmers and a bad one for "Froopy" e-cigarettes. officials hope to discourage young people from adopting a potentially deadly habit. Don\'t Call It Progress, but ... It\'s a start. Still, the chances of a quick resolution remain low. Think: shortages of food, medications and fuel.)', '2019-09-16': 'Johnson skips press conference to avoid anti-Brexit protests - CNN : Johnson skips press conference to avoid anti-Brexit protests : Luxembourg (CNN)British Prime Minister Boris Johnson was forced to abandon a press conference with his counterpart in Luxembourg to avoid anti-Brexit protesters, in an extraordinary diplomatic dust-up between the two nations. Bettel used the event to excoriate Johnson. Typically, host nations go to great lengths to avoid humiliating allies in this way. Bettel said Brexit was "too serious a matter to speak about actors and a script." If you ignore the noise, let\'s look at what happened during the PM\'s visit. We need to start accelerating talks if we\'re going to make further progress. "" This is on the back of positive meeting in Dublin last week. Matthew Chance reported from London and Nina dos Santos reported from Luxembourg. How Long  Before  These  Salmon  Are Gone? ‘ The three judges applied Scots law, which can diverge on constitutional matters from its English counterpart. The High Court in London found differently. The UK’s Supreme Court must now issue a definitive opinion. They don’t call us dismal scientists for nothing. But ask for data supporting that forecast and you get no real consensus. With consumption accounting for nearly 70 per cent of growth, a recession has to be transmitted through the US consumer. It would be the UAW\'s first strike against GM since 2007.', '2019-09-17': 'Charges Say U.C.L.A. Seat Cost Woman $400,000 Fee : Prosecutors said a Chinese woman living in Canada had paid $400,000 to bribe her son’s way into U.C.L.A., raising the total number of parents accused in the case to 35.Activists Petition Gates Foundation Not To Honor India\'s Prime Minister : Actors Riz Ahmed and Jameela Jamil have also pulled out of the event in which an award is to be given to Narendra Modi despite India\'s crackdown in Kashmir. 1] @ Goldman Sachs economist Andrew Tilton, who has published excellent empirical research on the trade war, estimates that the initial rounds of tariffs that took effect before August 1 2019 have reduced Chinese gross domestic product by 0.4 per cent, via the direct trade effects alone. These are very hard to estimate with any confidence. @ Lower inflation makes for even less room to maneuver. Repo should not be swinging multiple percentage points a day." But the magnitude of the spike is what is quite surprising." Jeanna Smialek contributed reporting from Washington. Mr Falih has long been recognised as an exceptional individual. First we’re too lazy to cook, now we are too lazy to collect it. @ Small stocks once again did better than their larger rivals.', '2019-09-18': 'Adam Neumann told WeWork employees he was “humbled” by the aborted initial public offering of his lossmaking property group, admitting he needed to learn lessons about running a public company. @ It’s not like you’ve capital-starved [the] people making steel and gasoline,” he said. “ As such they are a vital lubricant of the financial system. Japan, China, South Korea and India are all among the top five destinations for Saudi Arabian oil. Last week, Starbucks told us something important and disturbing. Polish ambassador urges Poles to \'seriously consider\' leaving UK - CNN : Polish ambassador urges Poles to \'seriously consider\' leaving UK : (CNN)Poland\'s ambassador to the UK has urged the hundreds of thousands of Poles living in Britain to "seriously consider" leaving the UK after Brexit. Unless there is a last-ditch deal, parliament is likely to be dissolved next week. CNN\'s Jack Guy contributed to this report. Its policy continued to anger President Trump. But the public markets are finally saying, \'No más."\' We had anticipated borrowing $ 6 billion from banks. WeWork has never been tested," said Vicki Bryan, chief executive of Bond Angle, a research firm. " They\'ve had the wind at their backs for nine years." The way WeWork is run also turned off some investors.', '2019-09-19': ': WASHINGTON -- The Federal Reserve lowered interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point on Wednesday, its second cut since late July, and suggested it was prepared to move aggressively if the United States economy showed additional signs of weakening. Signs of stress have emerged in a key financial market.] I do not think we would be looking at using negative rates," he said. Manufacturing has weakened the world over. Credit: By JEANNA SMIALEK; Alan Rappeport and Ana Swanson contributed reporting from Washington, and Matt Phillips from New York. Then on Tuesday, they rose to as high as 6 percent. When Mike Wilkinson moved to Midland, Tex., He owed tens of thousands in credit card debt. He sings country songs as he drives and vapes throughout. " The history in the Permian is a bumpy one. If you\'re not educated and have a good work ethic, you can come out here and still make six figures." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Brexit uncertainty could mean days-long border delays — and rotten produce. But what does — and should — that moment mean? That was in line with estimates by economists polled by Reuters. @ Complaints surfaced in consumer magazine Which?', '2019-09-20': 'China Detains an American FedEx Pilot : The seizure of the pilot, allegedly because air-gun pellets were found in his luggage, marks the latest difficulty for foreign travelers and companies in China. If we don\'t, this is an election that could go the other way," he said. So that\'s the way I\'m looking at it right now.: That is sensible, predictable and readily understandable. @ It only applies to newly issued loans. @ “ Some of the detainees said they were tortured. President Asked Ukraine’s Leader For Biden Inquiry : Mr. Trump has been prodding the Ukrainian government to investigate Mr. Biden and his family, but the new whistle-blower complaint has drastically raised the stakes. The American public increasingly shares those concerns. There are signs the White House is taking notice. She is also considering working part time at an Amazon warehouse. I just don\'t feel like the economy is set up for people like me." Travis Wolff, a recruiter for a trucking company in Lubbock, Tex., It\'s not like government is paying for that. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus three percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant.', '2019-09-21': ': WASHINGTON -- President Trump is sending a modest deployment of American troops to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, along with air and missile defense systems, in response to the attacks on Saudi oil facilities, which the administration blames on Iran. Defense Department officials said the Pentagon would deploy additional antimissile batteries to Saudi Arabia and might also deploy additional warplanes. Roughly 500 of those troops have gone to Saudi Arabia. Officials said that a covert cyberoperation was carried out instead. He also seemed to revel in his authority to launch a quick strike. Eric Schmitt, Alan Rappeport and Eileen Sullivan contributed reporting.: That\'s not a commitment; we didn\'t vote on it," he said. What qualifies as "appropriate" is increasingly contested. The reserve scarcity is a solvable problem.": Tech stocks accounted for the biggest share of the market\'s losses. Financial stocks veered lower as bond yields declined. Netflix shares are down nearly 26 percent this quarter. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( The only real question is whether it happens before or after Brexit. So even if Johnson\'s real intent had been to shut down that effort, it didn\'t work. A bigger mess than it is today, is the most likely answer.', '2019-09-22': "Democrats Join U.A.W. Picketers in Show of Solidarity With Labor : Democratic candidates are publicly aligning themselves with union members in hopes of holding onto their support — and winning over those who flipped for President Trump in 2016.Warren Overtakes Biden in Iowa Poll as Democratic Rivals Lag Behind : The latest poll numbers from The Des Moines Register and CNN were very good for Elizabeth Warren as she and Joseph R. Biden Jr. broke away from the rest of the Democratic pack. After 12 Years as E.U. Member, Romania Pushes to Be Fully Treated as One : More than 12 years after joining the bloc, the country’s leaders say it has made progress against corruption and deserves expanded rights for travel and trade. Mitt Romney: 'Troubling In The Extreme' If Trump Asked Ukraine To Investigate Biden : The Utah senator is one of the first Republicans to call for more information about Trump's dealings with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky. Fifth Death Linked To Storm That Walloped Houston Area : Imelda, one of the wettest tropical cyclones in U.S. history, dumped more than 40 inches of rain in some spots.", '2019-09-23': 'Trump’s Block of Military Aid Caught Top Ukrainian Officials by Surprise : The withholding of aid is now at the center of questions about whether President Trump manipulated foreign policy to pressure the Ukrainian government to take action damaging to Joseph R. Biden Jr.Bill Weld: Trump Is Guilty Of \'Treason, Pure And Simple\' : The president\'s GOP rival said Trump\'s phone call with Ukraine goes beyond "undermining democratic institutions. " Ikea is making its biggest annual investment in China, ploughing more than $1.4bn into an expansion drive over the next year after a sharp slowdown in sales growth in the country. @ WeWork last week delayed its own IPO amid concerns over its big losses, corporate governance and eccentric chief executive and founder, Adam Neumann. Tech exceptionalism — the idea that technology companies somehow operate in their own rarified universe, beyond the constraints faced by normal businesses — was good while it lasted. @ It helped many of today’s tech leaders keep regulators at bay. But when this vaunted self-image collides with the real world, the results can be jarring. Greta Thunberg To World Leaders At UN Climate Summit: \'How Dare You!\' : " You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words," the 16-year-old told the United Nations gathering.', '2019-09-24': 'The suspension of UK Parliament has been ruled unlawful. What just happened?In an extraordinary judgment, UK Supreme Court President Lady Hale said the Prime Minister\'s advice to Queen Elizabeth II when he asked her to suspend, or "prorogue," Parliament was "unlawful, void and of no effect. " It holds the Government of the day to account and will continue to do just that." Will Boris Johnson resign?There have been calls for Boris Johnson to resign. We cannot speculate, in the absence of further evidence, upon what such reasons might have been. It follows that the decision was unlawful. The October 31 deadline for the UK\'s departure from the European Union is looming large. The slow success of a vaccination campaign does not. @ Partly as a result, public perception of countries or regions often lags reality. A reading below 50 signifies economic contraction. But Brexit has created some pretty abnormal circumstances in Westminster. In theory, that could happen as soon as this week. In the short term, Johnson appears to have only two options. Both men are already taking brutally hard lines against one another. Corbyn has his own electability problems. Bank of America Merrill Lynch Citigroup, J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley will serve as underwriters and joint-book running managers for the offering. CNN\'s Ena Bilobrk and Nadine Schmidt contributed to this report. Miller\'s legal action was joined by John Major, treating', '2019-09-25': 'When AB InBev’s Asia brewing business launched its second attempt at a Hong Kong stock market listing last week, chief executive Jan Craps faced a volley of questions about whether the territory was still the best venue for an initial public offering of almost $5bn after more than three months of political upheaval. @ “ Just because we’re located in China, therefore the product is not safe and secure,” said Mario Rebello, regional manager for North America at DJI, the world’s biggest drone manufacturer, at its fourth annual Airworks conference in Los Angeles. “ I also found them deeply credible and I understand why the inspector general found them credible." This story has been updated with additional developments Wednesday. CNN\'s Kevin Liptak, Manu Raju, Jim Sciutto, Haley Byrd, Nick Neville and Kate Sullivan contributed to this report. But as it stands, it imports approximately 40% of its water today. Experts say we\'re consuming natural resources faster than the earth can replenish them. That Extra $250 Million To Protect the Elections? The index finished with a loss of 142 points. " Traders sought safety -- they piled into bonds, sending yields sharply lower. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The consequences for nature and humanity are sweeping and severe. What we do today can decide which of those pathways we\'re on.', '2019-09-26': 'U.S. Cuts Refugee Program Again, Placing Cap at 18,000 People : The president approved an 18,000-person limit on the number of refugees who can be admitted into the United States in fiscal 2020, about half the current limit of 30,000.Driller Agrees To Help Fix Sunken Coast Of Louisiana : Freeport-McMoRan’s deal to resolve claims that its aggressive drilling damaged the coast could lead to more. Higher bank deposits should, everything else being equal, mean an increased supply of loanable funds, which should in theory lead to lower interest rates. RenCap’s analysis suggests this relationship does, indeed, hold across both developed and emerging economies. @ On both sides, passions were inflamed, angry words were uttered. StockX\'s website looks more like trading platform Fidelity than it does Adidas. Nike, eBay, Foot Locker, Complex, you name it. Prior to the platforms, sales were much more complicated and risky. " A StockX employee processing a pair of sneakers. That has helped them win trust with customers. Frankly, I\'m surprised it hasn\'t happened yet. The way the company sees it, it\'s a win-win. " Even celebrities such as Eminem, Steve Aoki, Karlie Kloss and Mark Wahlberg have jumped onboard. But an embezzlement conviction damaged him.', '2019-09-27': 'Brother of Internet Star Gets A Life Sentence in Pakistan : The case had returned the spotlight to a rampant practice of “honor killings” in Pakistan. Yang vs. Warren: Who Has the Better Tax Plan? : Does my dog really need daily walks?The territory is the first jurisdiction in Australia to recognize animal sentience. " I\'m not doing this just to nickel and dime, thinking about how much money I\'m going to make -- no. I know this is a good cause, and this is something new. Maryland currently has 20,700 registered electric vehicles. The refueling station has a high-powered 200 kilowatt, four dispenser system. Political drama seldom alters economic fundamentals. In 1998, they reflected a booming economy. But do be surprised if these effects turn out to be more than temporary blips. And trade is an area over which Mr. Trump has direct control. It may ultimately be about behavioral analysis. Photograph Signs in Lafayette Square Park in Washington on Tuesday night. ( Uber, by comparison, cut its expected price in May. Such a sharp drop in a first day is a rare occurrence for a new listing. " Other companies have delayed their plans. Not every prominent offering has floundered. Among the larger ones is the online pinboard company Pinterest. And the company is increasing revenue -- which comes from advertising -- fast. " You can\'t do that with Uber or Lyft either." He did not invest in Uber or Lyft, or Pinterest, for that matter.', '2019-09-28': 'Favorite in Austria’s Election Seems Open to Reunion With the Far Right : Four months after scandal imploded Sebastian Kurz’s coalition, the wunderkind conservative looks set to win again in Sunday’s election. Technology companies led the broad slide as investors weighed a report saying the Trump administration is considering ways to limit American investments in China. Communications stocks also took heavy losses. The investment gives Delta a 20 percent stake in the company. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( Earlier in his career, he was chief financial officer at Citigroup\'s investment banking business. AP This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Not very, is the view of a growing number of people. " British politics has been taken over by trollsHow did this go down in Brussels? " These have also been met with polite smiles from Brussels. If he was serious, then he would have serious proposals and hordes of people over here. It\'s a sham negotiation," the source added. We no longer believe he really wants a deal at this stage. And it seems there is no scenario in which the hostility goes away.', '2019-09-29': 'Thomas Piketty’s new book, Capital and Ideology, appears in English translation next March. But I got a sneak preview by walking into my local Parisian bookshop and handing over €25 for the French edition. Piketty explains why this could be the moment for a turn to equality, and which policies could make that happen. Rainforest destruction in the Amazon, savage poaching and plummeting large mammal populations in Africa — those problems can seem so far away. @ But this particular abstraction inspires a remarkable lack of trust. Congress alone, out of a list of other US institutions, scores less. @ The agreement was signed in Brussels on Friday by Shinzo Abe, Japan’s prime minister, and Jean-Claude Juncker, European Commission president. China’s regional banks are poised on a tightrope. Some smaller lenders are likely to collapse. As the economy has slowed, the financial system has wobbled. State-owned Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Construction Bank and Agricultural Bank of China have structural advantages. They use their vast branch networks to take customer deposits. On the plus side, command chains enable control and co-ordination. But, if hierarchy is flawed, are there any alternatives?', '2019-09-30': 'Zurich is a sober and orderly city, so a fierce altercation near the Swiss National Bank between a banker to the world’s billionaires and a private detective who was trailing him is worthy of John Le Carré. There has been some discrepancy in the reported death toll. Clashes with the police led to teargas being fired. " There was growing speculation by the end of August. " It is also undermining a key policy priority that has broad and deep bipartisan support. He added, "This is emblematic of this administration in so many ways. " There were two separate lines of money being held up. Typically, that process would have just been a courtesy. He came back from Ukraine and said \'we gotta get this money released.\' If you have a legitimate problem, tell us now.\' " CNN\'s Ellie Kaufman, Zachary Cohen, Ali Zaslav, Phil Mattingly, Ryan Browne contributed to this report. How Fossil Fuel Companies Are Killing Plastic Recycling : Plastic trash has overwhelmed America. No wonder then that Xi Jinping, the president, used the world “struggle” nearly 60 times in the published version of a speech he delivered this month. They were a sign of ambition, scale and speed of growth. Now the public market has seen through that. @ The 50-point level separates contraction from expansion.', '2019-10-01': 'Australian area that isn\'t suffering drought mistakenly awarded $1 million in drought relief funds - CNN : Australian area that isn\'t suffering drought rejects $1 million in drought relief funds :  (CNN)A perplexed Australian council has rejected $1 million in drought assistance, saying such relief is not needed as the lush area is far from being in drought. Boris Johnson wants to keep his Brexit plan private - CNN : Boris Johnson wants to keep his Brexit plan private : Manchester, England (CNN)Boris Johnson wants to keep his Brexit plan private. Ireland quickly dismissed the idea as a "non starter". Read MoreSo why is this story a big deal? It\'s also a bad look for Johnson back home. He is currently out of London and at his Conservative party\'s annual conference in Manchester, in the north of England. But developments suggested that talks might be in their final phase. The move is part of a trend that has made it cheaper than ever to invest. The S&P 500 climbed 14.95 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,976.74. At the end of the last quarter, it was at 2 percent. The impeachment inquiry into Trump could create even more uncertainty. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Some results were broken out by company size. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS and REUTERS Photograph (PHOTOGRAPH BY THOMAS WHITE/REUTERS)', '2019-10-02': 'The Watchers : After two officers came to a Pacific Northwest community, longtime residents began to disappear — a testament to the agency’s quiet embrace of big data. His campaign canceled his events and said he would be resting for several days. Any reading below 50 indicates a contraction. But I do think we\'re going to get through this." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. She would impose a 2 percent tax on net worth above $ 50 million, and a 3 percent tax on net worth above $ 1 billion. You don\'t have to be an economist, you don\'t have to have an advanced degree -- 2 cents is 2 cents." Nelson D. Schwartz contributed reporting from New York. ( The warning signs here are clear enough," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics. " The British economy contracted between April and June. WeWork has to in short order get its house in order. But there\'s been a lot money invested in WeWork. But once you\'ve made that mistake, you never make that mistake again. What if there\'s a big economic slowdown in the near future? You can only really have them if you have the network. Is competition greater today than it was at any time in the past?', '2019-10-03': 'New California Law Allows More Lawsuits Against USC Gynecologist To Go Forward : Hundreds of women accused George Tyndall of sexual assault, but the state\'s statute of limitations may have prevented their damage claims.: That could help calm investors\' nerves. " But consumer confidence has not and it\'s been supported mainly by a vibrant jobs market." Similar, though smaller, swings took place in May and June. But the market unrest wasn\'t contained to Wall Street. Task Force on Democracy  Says Trump Has Pushed Scientists to ‘Crisis Point’ : All presidents over the past two decades have nudged science to support their policies, but a report out of N.Y.U. said the Trump administration has driven federal science to a “crisis point. ” Then, just as abruptly, everything started to look pretty much fine. But it would be premature to declare a clean bill of health. The Labor Department will release the latest employment numbers Friday.) As the last few weeks have shown, there\'s some truth to that. But that doesn\'t mean there is no signal in the noise. The fund will continue to maintain stakes in refiners and other downstream firms. The ISM report said manufacturers are cutting jobs. The August number was originally reported as 66,000. ASSOCIATED PRESS This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. But it was greeted frostily by European Union diplomats.', '2019-10-04': ': Key officials said they were open minded about the need for further cuts. Then a flurry of bad economic data rolled in. Data increasingly suggest that a slowdown is, in fact, materializing. But their comments preceded the latest round of data. We said that in June, July and September, and I\'m saying it to you tonight." Fed officials have had reasons to keep their options open. But the bright spots are getting fewer and farther between. Whether or not one more rate cut at this point is the right decision or not, I think we\'re just going to have to go into the meeting and see." said Anujeet Sareen, a fixed income portfolio manager and global macro strategist for Brandywine Global. The wild card in the pack is always Donald Trump and whatever he tweets next." Asian shares racked up losses earlier in the day. Brent crude futures were last down 0.3 percent to $ 57.51 a barrel, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude fell 0.8 percent to $ 52.22 per barrel.: The September jobs numbers have something for everybody. Things are supposed to work the other way around. The manufacturing sector shed 2,000 jobs. So where do all these competing signals leave us? A warming relationship could have far-reaching consequences.:', '2019-10-05': ': Wall Street ended a choppy week of trading with a broad rally that drove the Dow Jones industrial average more than 370 points higher. Crude oil recovered from an early slide to close with a modest gain. That falloff alone is not cause for alarm. We\'re on a three-month track of over 150,000 jobs per month, and that says to me that the economy is still expanding well," Mr. Tannenbaum said. Companies in the business of making goods -- as opposed to those that deliver services like hospitals and restaurants -- are much more dependent on sales to other countries and supply chains that wend around the globe. But several industries and small businesses are worried. Matt Phillips and Jeanna Smialek contributed reporting. He now looks more vulnerable than at any point in the campaign. But Scullion knows that she\'s HPV positive. Three years later, she took another one, and it came back positive. That number would later swell to more than 220 women. " If I\'m going to die, I\'m going to bring them down with me," she said. \' The doctor responded, "What difference does it make?" No one is held accountable and it keeps going and going. We are part of this society and deserve the best. But for now, that appears to still be the case.:', '2019-10-06': 'Looking Afar To Investigate Russia Inquiry : The attorney general and a veteran prosecutor, John H. Durham, have charted an unusual course that could bolster President Trump’s pet theories about the Russia investigation. Farmers Are Also Hoping to Find Relief in CBD : With the rising popularity of CBD products, farmers are growing hemp. Some see it as a way to ride out President Trump’s fight over trade. Safe Choice Amid Chaos Of Brexit: A Socialist? : In the face of a potentially chaotic departure from the E.U., the socialism of Labour’s Jeremy Corbyn is beginning to look like a relatively reasonable option. How Boeing Scored Win Over Airbus : Boeing won a long-running trade dispute with Airbus, but it came with complications for a company still dealing with the fallout from two deadly accidents.5 Years After ‘Hooked,’ Author Has Antidote to Tech Addiction : Nir Eyal, who wrote the industry manual for hooking people on tech, now has a recipe to free you — even though it was your fault to begin with. North Korea Rules Out Quick Resumption of ‘Sickening’ Talks With U.S. : The North said that it would not meet with American negotiators again until after Washington took a step toward “complete and irreversible withdrawal of hostile policy.', '2019-10-07': 'Meghan McCain Rips GOP\'s \'Feckless, Unpatriotic Cowards\' In Scathing Takedown : The "View" co-host slammed any Republican backing Trump\'s decision to step aside as Turkey prepares to invade Syria. Stephen Lukasik, 88, Ardent Champion of Using Technology to Bolster National Security : He oversaw the Defense Department’s research division in the 1960s and ’70s, when it made great early strides in nuclear-device detection, artificial intelligence and computer networking. Like cars, personal computers and the human body, democracies must be fixed from time to time to work well. Mistrust of once deeply respected institutions is widespread. It is becoming fashionable to speak of a “democratic recession”, or worse, in western societies. @ Every generation is tempted to think that its challenges are unique. The first half of the 20th century encompassed the US Progressive Era, the New Deal and the British Liberal and Labour governments of 1906-14 and 1945-51. Democracies can die — of that there should be no doubt. Much depends on the diagnosis and proposed remedies. Last week Iain Conn said he was stepping down as chief executive of Centrica. Although the UK energy supplier’s shares fell to a 22-year low as the company slashed its dividend, Mr Conn said he too was leaving next year by mutual consent. “ It wasn’t that the board suggested [I depart] and I agreed, we agreed together,” he said. @ He did not clarify when the Chinese group had made its decision or the reason for it.', '2019-10-08': 'It is one of the big puzzles of modern investing — how to do well, from doing good. @ US forces would “no longer be in the immediate area”, it added in a statement. About 1,000 troops are deployed in Syria. Gold is considered a haven asset and a store of value in times of uncertainty. @ Passenger car deliveries worldwide rose by a similar percentage to just over 590,000 in the same period. @ But since then investors in the Chinese carmaker have witnessed storm clouds growing darker each quarter as losses spiral. @ He also acknowledged that voters would take his health into account when deciding whether to support him. They have a view of belonging to the future. " Hofmühl\'s solar panels cover a surface area of nearly 9,300 square feet. You don\'t want a deal, you don\'t want an extension, you don\'t want to revoke, quo vadis?— We are all very worried because there are only a few days left," he said. " Because we understand that going out without an agreement leads to having a real problem, if not a real catastrophe." " Eliza Mackintosh contributed to this report.', '2019-10-09': 'Getting the Most Out of Your Digital Wallet : Payment apps can speed up register checkout and replace that paper and plastic clogging your billfold. Here are six steps to make them work for you. But domestic, onshore and privately owned companies are now over half of China’s total, illustrating how its market has flourished in recent years even as the US is wracked by a debate about the future of the public listed company. Otherwise he would never have gone public with an approach LSE had greeted coolly privately. @ This support has lifted LSE shares some 25 per cent to over £70 each. Saudi Aramco says full oil production capacity will return by end of November : DUBAI \u2060— Saudi Arabia\'s full oil production capacity will be recovered by the end of November, Saudi Aramco CEO Amin Nasser told CNBC on Wednesday. " Saudi Arabia is the world\'s largest exporter of oil. All of these things are impacting price of crude. Now, we see that they are actually taking a toll." The stakes for some type of resolution are high. Major international institutions have also slashed their expectations for global growth. And the eurozone in general is in a virtual recession." Follow Ana Swanson on Twitter: @AnaSwanson. Jeanna Smialek and Jim Tankersley contributed reporting. That time is now upon us," Mr. Powell said. There\'s no reason why the expansion can\'t continue." PHOTOGRAPH BY MELISSA LYTTLE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)', '2019-10-10': 'Our Very Methodical New Columnist : J. Kenji López-Alt deploys the scientific method to tease out cooking principles that can be applied broadly, and make you more confident in the kitchen. U.S. Has Abandoned Allies in the Middle East Before. Power companies are rapidly retiring coal-fired power plants and replacing them with dirt-cheap natural gas and increasingly affordable renewable energy. That would mark a decline of 27% since 2016, President Obama\'s last full year in office. California is expected to follow with 14% of the share in this category. Texas is just one of many red states that have recently \'gone green\' by harnessing their great wind generation potential," Carlos Torres-Diaz, head of gas market research at Rystad Energy, wrote in the report. Coal is losing on economics," said Greentech\'s Nicklaus. It is really, really difficult for me to watch. Read MoreSecurity minister Brandon Lewis. "" Utterly contemptible behaviour from the Tories in Westminster. Lewis later said his comments had been "somewhat taken out of context." My words are somewhat taken out of context. # EUcitizens have till at least Dec 2020 & there\'s plenty of help available to apply. Turkey’s aim, he said, was to “bring peace to the region”. CNN\'s Schams Elwazer and Lauren Kent contributed to this report. The winners would be large countries including the US, China, UK, Germany, France, Italy and developing economies.', '2019-10-11': 'Scathing Report Rebukes  Boeing and the F.A.A. : A task force found that Boeing did not adequately describe the system that contributed to two crashes, and that the F.A.A. failed to understand much of what the company did share. Compressed hydrogen gas is combined in a fuel cell with oxygen from the atmosphere to produce electricity that is then stored in a battery. Full details of its performance will be released at a later date.: I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House." China has resumed purchases of American agricultural goods. But the options under consideration go further than that. A White House spokesman declined to comment. Elizabeth Economy, the director for Asia studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, said that addressing the lack of compliance among Chinese companies was "overdue" but that a solution would ideally be negotiated between Chinese companies and the S.E.C. "Nobody benefits from a mass delisting of Chinese companies on U.S. stock exchanges," Ms. Economy said. Keith Bradsher contributed reporting from Beijing. Photograph Investors monitoring stock prices at a brokerage in Beijing. But there is also another factor in play: psychology. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent. @ For the most part there has been greater unity on China. Boris Johnson\'s Brexit talks teeter on brink of collapse. However, many challenges remain unresolved. Rome was not made in a day and neither will peace or democratic development be achieved in a short period of time.', '2019-10-12': 'US border: Why drownings tripled and water rescues skyrocketed in one section of the Rio Grande - CNN : Why one area along the US-Mexico border saw drownings triple and water rescues skyrocket more than 1000% :  (CNN)Newly released data reveals a dramatic shift in the region along the Rio Grande over the past year -- and offers a window into the human toll of turmoil at the border. But they\'re an important part of the overall picture. " Often, when people cross, they haven\'t done this before. Even a small mistake may cost them their lives. " In one stretch, it opens up into Lake Amistad, a large reservoir. To understand why, she says, one only needs to look south. People are having to take much more dangerous routes. ... Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the Old Days. All would like to see something significant happen!” US stocks trimmed their advance following the news. @ It must not include concessions on Huawei. Foremost among them had been the toll of the trade battle between China and the United States. The Chinese pharmaceuticals industry is undergoing a radical transformation.', '2019-10-13': 'As WeWork Stumbles, Its Residential Dreams Fade : Adam Neumann, the company’s ousted founder, once said there would be WeLive apartments around the globe. But now, it has only two sites and has been under investigation. Most people think it\'s another head fake. I see a much more recession-like scenario. The tariffs imposed on imports by the Trump administration raise prices paid by American consumers. They are not reporting things dropping off precipitously." Don\'t count on rewards like that continuing for much longer. " Although yields could go lower, they could also go a lot higher." If rates rose more, losses would be larger. You are paid 1.9 percent for three months, but what about the next three months, and the three months after that?" Treasuries are the most reliable way to do that." Lately, though, some of the unicorns look more like dogs. What is the WeWork business plan, anyway? Going over Niagara Falls in a barrel is exhilarating. Investing genius turns up in unexpected places. If you\'re worried (and what rational person isn\'t?), See you in three minutes, Sammy," I said. Making other people sick to their stomachs is more my style. Beyond these pipe dreams, my own money is safely stashed away. Xi is risking sanctions and important diplomatic and economic relations being severed. "', '2019-10-14': "Stakes Higher, Biden Pledges To Strike Back : Mr. Biden in recent days has been more forceful in defending his family and denouncing the president. Some voters and Democratic officials think he should do more. From the President’s Gut Comes a Gut Punch : All the warnings were there. But President Trump’s reliance on his instincts, and his relationships, led him to ignore the consequences of a move that has emboldened Russia, Iran and the Islamic State. This, the letter said, created challenges including financial stability, consumer and investor protection, data privacy, money laundering, terrorist financing, fair competition, cyber security and tax evasion. Only relatively strong performance in financial markets stopped the index from falling further into negative territory. I perceive the US to be increasingly hostile to immigrants and people from other cultures,” Ms Manning says.: Wall Street's eternally optimistic forecasters are expecting corporate profit growth to surge by the middle of next year -- views that are about to collide with reality as hundreds of companies report financial results and update investors on their prospects. For this quarter, it begins with reports from several big banks on Tuesday. It's not that double-digit profit growth is unprecedented. In 2018, earnings jumped 22 percent after a sharp cut in corporate taxes.", '2019-10-15': 'The Journalist and the Autocrat : Maria Ressa, editor of a popular news site in the Philippines, has incurred President Duterte and his supporters’ wrath by investigating his extrajudicial killing campaign. Once Loudest Optimists, Banks Are Getting Quieter : The heads of the largest United States banks are expressing concern about President Trump’s trade war and its potential to drag down the global economy. We also urged businesses to practise what they preached. There are clear reasons why further action is necessary. Trading was choppy for much of the day after falling early. We kind of peeled back the layers and said, \'Hey, was this really a significant trade deal, or was it just a little bit of window dressing to make everybody feel like there was actually a trade deal?"\' said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior markets strategist at Voya Investment Management. " Bond markets and the United States government were closed for the Columbus Day holiday. Shares of Parsley Energy were down $ 1.79 to $ 15.18. Their growth is bumping along the bottom. @ and has in fact been solved for many decades”. @ The University of Chicago economist was not alone. Having failed to foresee the crisis, many badly misread its aftermath.', '2019-10-16': 'President Digs in on Syria Pullout as House Revolts : President Trump again defends his decision to withdraw American troops, an order that many, including Republicans, have interpreted as acquiescing to Turkey’s incursion against a United States ally. Digital transformation in banking is welcome, but regulators are right to argue that Facebook has yet to make the case for its own e-bucks. @ Earlier this month, payments service PayPal was the first to depart. So far this year, the All World index excluding the US has risen around 9 per cent. The figure was, to put it mildly, aspirational. Thus, the withdrawal of this deal should not have much of an impact, either." The impact on expectations can be quite considerable." Turkish steel makers have been slammed from numerous directions. He\'s using it against Turkey politically." I think it\'s going to be well over $ 100 billion soon." Photograph A steel pipe factory in Dilovasi, Turkey. Both sides of the sectarian divide in Northern Ireland must agree. The feedback we\'re getting today is positive. If approved, it would be the first time in decades that a special weekend session has been held. CNN\'s Matt Wells and Simon Cullen also contributed to this report. Share prices have run away faster than a greased piglet. Consumer frustration is rising with prices. @', '2019-10-17': "Progressives Take Sides On Bill to Decriminalize Sex Trade in Washington : Supporters say a bill being considered by the District of Columbia Council would protect prostitutes in the nation’s capital. But the would-be challenger is struggling. @ The crisis and its spillover to the entire world reflect the inherent vulnerabilities and systemic risks in the existing international monetary system,” he warned. @ Such central bank liquidity injections are normally provided when older lending facilities mature. The Rmb200bn operation can partially fill this gap. This is true, not least, for the world economy. 🇪🇺🤝🇬🇧 Where there is a will, there is a #deal - we have one! I recommend that #EUCO endorses this deal. That means that if that good then makes it across the border into Ireland, the duty will have been paid. It is also the reason why the DUP said it would not vote for it. CNN's Sarah Dean, Milena Veselinovic, Katie Polglase and Sheena McKenzie contributed reporting. These exposures may act as an amplifier of shocks. If he's careless, he could be buried under an avalanche. Right now, the numbers are not there for Johnson. No, we're far from it)And he will be attacked from both the left and right. This story has been updated with the correct conversion of pounds to dollars.: A trade truce with China has done little to reduce the uncertainty that threatens the", '2019-10-18': 'Kurds Face a Return of ‘the Worst of the Worst’ : Abandoned by the U.S., Kurdish forces are doubly angry at who is seeking to replace them: Turkish-allied Syrian fighters the United States had long rejected as extremists, criminals and thugs. The gains erased the market\'s modest losses from the day before. The S&P 500-stock index gained 8.26 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,997.95. October has been good month for the sector. Most other sectors are up by double digit percentages. WASHINGTON -- Home values could fall significantly. With Thursday\'s actions, the San Francisco Fed has taken a further step. Sign up here for Climate Fwd: , our email newsletter. The result, Mr. Berman said, would be to further imperil the financial health of places, particularly poorer ones, already struggling with flooding. " One either adapts to new markets, products or services, or they go out of business." Fooding from Hurricane Florence in New Bern, N.C., last year. Its economy is now twice the size it was about a decade ago. The purchasing power of families is still not enough." Photograph A suitcase factory in Shanghai. Lies, threats and insults have become ubiquitous. Thank you to RTErdogan,” Mr Trump wrote on Twitter. The State Department did not return CNN requests for comment. She was treated badly but she could have been treated worse. CNN\'s Jennifer Hansler contributed to this report.', '2019-10-19': ': A Brexit deal looks possible, and China trade tensions eased slightly. That would lower the federal funds rate to a range between 1.5 percent and 1.75 percent. Officials avoid surprising markets when possible, because doing so can inadvertently tighten financial conditions and slow borrowing and spending. Despite some softening around the edges, geopolitical tensions are unresolved. But it remains unclear whether Parliament will approve the agreement. Though he does not have a vote on monetary policy, he does sit at the decision-making table. One, St. Louis\'s James Bullard, wanted a sharper cut. Under those circumstances, I would be prepared to adjust monetary policy accordingly." Read MoreJohnson\'s disavowal of the extension request is likely to be challenged in court. Further delay will be bad for this country. The Prime Minister must now comply with the law," he said. " " In the end, the Letwin amendment passed by 322 votes to 306. Opposition lawmakers were furious at the developments. The S&P 500 index closed out an uneven week of trading on Wall Street with its second straight weekly gain, even though stock indexes ended lower on Friday. Benchmark crude oil fell 15 cents to settle at $ 53.78 a barrel Friday. Britain is set to leave the trading block on Oct. 31. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. (', '2019-10-20': 'Despite a Raft of Blunders, Johnson Remains Close to Brexit Success : The prime minister will try again this week to get his draft deal through Parliament. Contract Terms May Not Work For G.M. Rivals : General Motors made cost concessions to get the union to accept the shutdown of three plants — a priority that Ford and Fiat Chrysler don’t have. During the same time, the income of the typical household has increased by less than 4 percent. That rate measures only the number of out-of-work Americans who say they are looking for jobs. It\'s about: \'O.K., the government is not going to take care of us. The mechanics denied that this was their intention.) At that time, we had a Republican governor who wasn\'t funding our schools. But now an infusion of money has come in that has not made it to the classroom." Follow Noam Scheiber on Twitter: @noamscheiber. David Yaffe-Bellany contributed reporting. A cover letter from Johnson\'s top diplomat in Brussels explained that the PM was complying with the law. The Prime Minister said: "I have made clear that I do not want more delay. It is to my regret that today the House voted for more delay." There are no official numbers for the size of the turnout. But team Johnson have developed a reputation for hard language and playing dirty. Of course Johnson\'s strategy could backfire. Things could be about to get a lot more wild in Brexit land.', '2019-10-21': 'Desperate Pleas to Rescue Children in Syrian Camps : The violence that has followed an American pullback has intensified questions about what duty nations have to citizens detained abroad, even those affiliated with a terrorist group. In Roman times, judges would ask: cui bono — who benefits? Mr Trump’s own yardstick yields poor results. It is hard to measure whether he has made America great again. But that\'s not enough to fight climate change - CNN : Renewable energy is booming. Globally, however, coal is still king -- and that\'s not expected to change in the near future. Much greater efforts are required," the IEA said. There are significant regulatory hurdles before drone delivery becomes mainstream. UPS broke into drone deliveries shuttling medical samples. They will carry packages up to five pounds and leave them on a household\'s front or back yard. Speed can make the difference between life and death. " As we look ahead to another crucial day in the Brexit saga, here\'s where things stand. It looks like Boris Johnson was defeated. The first comes on Tuesday, on what\'s confusingly known as the "second reading." It\'s possible that the government could lose this vote. That follows a march on Saturday that saw hundreds of thousands demand another say. Johnson asked EU leaders for a Brexit delay.', '2019-10-22': 'ESR Cayman, an Asia-focused logistics company backed by Warburg Pincus, is looking to raise as much as $1.45bn in a revived Hong Kong initial public offering, in the latest example of a company opting to brave the political unrest that is rocking the Asia finance hub. @ If Google comes back now, we can just PK [player kill] again for real.” @ Leaders of the wind power industry have warned that the global trade war could endanger progress on renewable energy, as slowing growth in clean energy projects risks the goals of the Paris climate accord. @ “ Google’s claim was contained in an unpublished research paper\xa0 first disclosed by the Financial Times last month. The index was weighed down by a sharp drop in Boeing shares. Energy futures closed broadly lower Monday. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Monday. ( Boris Johnson wants to get Brexit done by Halloween. The government could explore ways in which they could be placated. Then there\'s the question of the EU response. French diplomatic sources are already sounding alarm bells. " " Only a fool would try and accurately predict what will actually happen. Intense volcanic activity had also been considered as a possible cause. 435 pages long and just three days to approve it.', '2019-10-23': 'Brexit impasse: An election may be the only way - CNN : An election may be the only way out of the Brexit impasse : London (CNN)One step forward, two steps back. Johnson wants to get Brexit done by Halloween. Will Brexit be delayed?That seems likely. But they have to agree to a general election on December 12," he said. The Scottish National Party has said it would support an election, bu Labour has wavered.: There have been some winners and some losers. Companies with stronger quarterly results fared better. The busy week of earnings continues Wednesday with reports from Boeing, Caterpillar and Microsoft. Natural gas rose 3 cents to $ 2.27 per 1,000 cubic feet. AP Business Writer Damian J. Troise contributed. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( Proliferating spirals drive a community mad in classic horror manga Uzumaki. SoftBank boss Masayoshi Son should take note. Its products cost hundreds of millions of dollars and require thousands of suppliers. The ultimate goal is to stop using coal altogether. The material is compressed into sawdust pellets. And planting new trees helps offset biomass emissions. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change shares this view.', '2019-10-24': "China has leapfrogged France, the Netherlands and Switzerland as a place to do business according to a flagship annual ranking produced by the World Bank, after slashing red tape by expanding the use of technology by its bureaucracy. @ China improved its position by digitising government services, he added: “They are going the Singaporean way\u2009. you can establish a company online, you can pay taxes online, you can get licences online.” @ The US and the UK consolidated their positions in the top 10. @ One notable exception to the advances in the regulatory environment across emerging markets was Latin America. Brazil slid to 124th place and Argentina fell back to 126th place. Donald Trump yesterday claimed the credit for ending fighting in north-east Syria, saying that he would remove the sanctions he had imposed on Turkey to punish it for launching an offensive against US-backed Kurdish militants. @ The potential costs are dawning on investors. In private, policymakers are gloomy about the outlook. The most recent was a 2.9 magnitude quake in August. US oil production has more than doubled over the past decade to about 12 million barrels per day. For fracking, the game may already be up.— CNN Business' Matt Egan contributed to this report.", '2019-10-25': 'Anthony Scaramucci Gives Mick Mulvaney Some \'Guy-To-Guy\' Advice : Trump\'s former pal shared some tough love with the president\'s acting chief of staff during a CNN appearance. Polls suggest his strategy has begun to pay off. But two-thirds of families don’t have that buffer. Offshore wind could power the world  - CNN : Offshore wind could power the world  : London (CNN Business)Offshore wind turbines could generate enough electricity to power every home and business on Earth, according to a report published on Friday. More and more of that potential is coming within reach, but much work remains to be done by governments and industry for it to become a mainstay. " The UK once hoped for an American-style fracking boom. The world\'s largest offshore wind farm is nearly complete.: Earnings reports in the last couple of weeks have mostly exceeded Wall Street analysts\' modest expectations. You had good news from Microsoft, bad news from Texas Instruments, and that\'s what has everyone stuck." Microsoft stock rose 2 percent, shares of PayPal climbed 8.6 percent, and shares of the semiconductor equipment maker Lam Research surged 13.9 percent. Benchmark crude oil rose 26 cents to settle at $ 56.23 a barrel. Source: Refinitiv); 7-Year Treasury Notes High yield at auction. ( After a market debut at $25 a share in early May, the stock hit an intraday peak above $230 in July.', '2019-10-26': 'Production of Brexit coin stopped as uncertainty looms  - CNN : Production of Brexit coin stopped as uncertainty looms  : London (CNN)The UK has halted production of commemorative Brexit coins, which had been marked with the date "31 October 2019" -- the day the UK is due to leave the European Union -- amid uncertainty over the departure. CNN\'s Rob Picheta and Bianca Britton contributed to this report. But with the country in recession, voters may now turn to an archrival.: Instead, he has allowed deficits to balloon by enacting sweeping tax cuts and increasing government spending. Tax revenue accounts for just 16.3 percent of the total economy. It didn\'t need to be like this - CNN : The UK has messed up Brexit. Meanwhile, Brussels was getting its house in order. Theresa May leaves Downing Street after a snap election in which the Conservative Party lost its majority. It\'s fair to say that they didn\'t go terribly well. What they didn\'t bank on was just how poisoned a chalice May had handed over. The public was tired, bored and more divided than in 2016. And, ultimately, he found he was going to have to throw someone under a bus. The Prime Minister cannot do anything without the consent of Parliament. Brexit is supposed to be done next Thursday. In reality we will probably still be talking about this for months, if not years, from now.', '2019-10-27': 'Production of Brexit coin stopped as uncertainty looms  - CNN : Production of Brexit coin stopped as uncertainty looms  : London (CNN)The UK has halted production of commemorative Brexit coins, which had been marked with the date "31 October 2019" -- the day the UK is due to leave the European Union -- amid uncertainty over the departure. CNN\'s Rob Picheta and Bianca Britton contributed to this report. But with the country in recession, voters may now turn to an archrival.: Instead, he has allowed deficits to balloon by enacting sweeping tax cuts and increasing government spending. Tax revenue accounts for just 16.3 percent of the total economy. It didn\'t need to be like this - CNN : The UK has messed up Brexit. Meanwhile, Brussels was getting its house in order. Theresa May leaves Downing Street after a snap election in which the Conservative Party lost its majority. It\'s fair to say that they didn\'t go terribly well. What they didn\'t bank on was just how poisoned a chalice May had handed over. The public was tired, bored and more divided than in 2016. And, ultimately, he found he was going to have to throw someone under a bus. The Prime Minister cannot do anything without the consent of Parliament. Brexit is supposed to be done next Thursday. In reality we will probably still be talking about this for months, if not years, from now.', '2019-10-28': "Warming Could Fuel Winter Fires : Recent research suggests that as the climate warms, Santa Ana winds may become less frequent. Coupled with precipitation changes, that could mean more intense fires later in the year. The decision is expected to be formalised through a written procedure.— CNN's James Frater contributed reporting. Another problem: Just like any legislation in Parliament, a one-line bill will be open to amendments. They want the early election to happen on Monday, December 9. Lawmakers have rejected the deal earlier this month. But disputed child pornography charges marred his reputation. It’s not every day that we take out the leader of the most powerful terrorist organisation in the world. That the Indian economy is facing a sharp slowdown is by now well known. Tiffany’s advisers were on Sunday still assessing the surprise indicative offer from Bernard Arnault’s LVMH, the world’s largest luxury group by sales, with the board set to consider the next move. @ Foxconn is another considering increasing its capacity. @ “ They can attract investment, build infrastructure and improve the business climate. They are well placed geographically speaking. It’s about the size of one Chinese province. Do they have the customs clearance, the shipping ability, the supplies of all the inputs that go into the intermediate stages? @ It should start to worry them as they can move into the US crosshairs. In the series’ concluding part, we look at three more trends that will shape the next 10 years. @", '2019-10-29': "Hong Kong listings have picked up pace with almost $10bn raised from initial public offerings over the past two months despite a deepening political crisis that has gripped the Asian financial hub for more than five months. @ That could make the economy matter less in 2020 than in past elections. Still, “the growth potential is huge”, Mr Pan said. @ In after-hours trading, Alphabet's stock declined 2 percent. Google is also facing new competition for marketing dollars from Amazon and others. Google's smartphones are an afterthought to Apple and Samsung. The company had made those investments through its various venture capital arms. There are many new areas of opportunities available for us. They are less likely to be laughing now. @ The state-owned oil giant is expected to announce soon that it plans to go public. It will probably be valued at a far lower price. And Saudi Arabia remains as dependent on its oceans of oil as ever. The kingdom has also been making changes. Mr. al-Rumayyan is a close ally of Prince Mohammed. Some attempts to confront the problem, however, have been only skin deep. The danger is if countries tend towards a corporate monoculture. Policymakers should encourage a plurality of models.", '2019-10-30': 'Hundreds of koalas feared dead in Australian bushfires - CNN : Hundreds of koalas feared dead as Australian bushfires rage :  (CNN)More than 350 koalas are feared to have been killed by bushfires in Australia\'s New South Wales state, animal experts say. First, such a network will cost a fortune to build, proving a boon to companies that supply the hardware. @ China’s progress has been swifter than many expected. The resolution, spearheaded by California Democrat Adam Schiff, passed 405-11. It\'s now on Congress to step up and impose consequences on Turkey. " CNN\'s Ted Barrett and Isil Sariyuce contributed to this report. Mr Kahl’s remarks were reported by the dpa news agency. Technology companies led stocks lower on Wall Street Tuesday as a wobbly day of trading ended with modest losses for the market. It\'s a good sign that it continues to hold at new highs." The economy is a little bit slower than it was last year. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Tuesday. ( His Unforced Verbal Fumbles Burden Biden on the Stump : Digressions. We tested apps for when you need a swim, a nap, a boat or a foodie experience.', '2019-10-31': 'Guilty Verdict in Sex Attack on Unconscious Teen Reawakens Fury in Spain : A Spanish court sentenced five men on charges of sexual abuse, not rape, in the assault of a 14-year-old. In the event that you do not take corrective actions, we will explore potential legislative solutions." StanChart gets a third of its income from Hong Kong, whose economy is expected to weaken this year. That means lower sales of savings and insurance products. The crimes have ranged from verbal abuse to murder. It looks like Boris Johnson was defeated. But one thing is certain: not everyone will be happy with it. And that\'s what\'s bothering me, that\'s bothering many others. We feel that our livelihoods are threatened. The benchmark index also hit record high on Monday. That surpassed economists\' forecasts for even weaker growth. The company is laying off 500 workers worldwide. The dollar fell to 108.85 Japanese yen from 108.88 yen on Tuesday. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. The economy is not slowing into a recession." Exports rose as well, but not as much as imports, a net loss. This \'Phase 1\' thing is trivial compared to enormous obstacles." Still, he said, "business has been good." "', '2019-11-01': 'White House Freezes Military Aid to Lebanon That Congress and State Dept. Analysts say the winners could be Iran, Russia, the Islamic State and Al Qaeda. In itself this isn’t going to make much difference, but it’s the kind of small step you could take with that goal in mind.” @ China has mandated a dozen banks as managers and bookrunners for the euro issuance, including Bank of China, BofA Securities, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, Standard Chartered and UBS. @ Here’s where she says she’ll get the money to pay for it. It was a quiet end to a campaign that had begun with high expectations. And he raised $6 million on the first day of his campaign. O\'Rourke\'s recent fundraising emails have hinted at this possibility. Pretty devastated, actually," she said. " He was unconventional, and it\'s an unconventional administration." " And," she said, pointing to his potential to win his home state\'s 38 electoral votes, "Texas! His passion for solving our gun crisis has been inspiring to anyone who has seen him." CNN\'s Kate Sullivan and Dan Merica contributed to this report. This November investors, not shoppers, could be flocking to Hong Kong for shares of the Chinese ecommerce giant. Our state was founded by religious refugees fleeing persecution in the Eastern United States. Details of how the policy would be implemented are still in the works. By 2018, just 539 refugees resettled there.', '2019-11-02': 'Kremlin Delayed Departure of Plane Evacuating an Ailing U.S. Attaché : The American was safely evacuated, but the episode was the latest indication that Russian intimidation of American officials has reached levels unseen since the Cold War.: Here\'s where she says she\'ll get the money to pay for it. To calculate its cost, she has modified estimates from the Urban Institute, a Washington research group that has assessed the legislative proposal she is endorsing. The first story: Jobs are plentiful and unemployment low. The labor force participation rate rose a bit in October. This isn\'t what economic models suggest should happen. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Friday. ( Boris Johnson is learning this the hard way. This time around, his job is arguably far easier. Losing Brexit isn\'t the only thing spooking Conservatives. There is a real chance that Corbyn could end up in Downing Street. And that will result in extending the transition period. Johnson\'s Brexit gamble was a table-flip moment. | Times readers shared their stories of struggling to find work .] Companies in other industries are making similar decisions. Where it becomes a lot more problematic is if that weakness is spreading. It\'s painting a brighter picture of the service sector of the economy."', '2019-11-03': 'Push to Raise the Minimum Wage Goes Local : As efforts stall at the federal level, labor groups are working to lift pay in specific occupations and industries in a growing number of cities. Bewildered, Lost and on the Wrong Side of the Border : Family members everywhere worry about loved ones with dementia or Alzheimer’s suddenly taking off on their own. Having an international border close by raises the stakes. Needed or Not, Oil Production Is Set to Surge : New supplies from Brazil, Canada, Guyana and Norway may add to a glut, posing a threat to producers in Saudi Arabia, Russia and the United States. Whistle-Blower Is Willing to Answer Republicans’ Questions, Lawyer Says : The lawyer said his client would respond to written questions, but Republicans, who have pushed for him to appear at an open hearing in the impeachment inquiry, appeared unsatisfied.', '2019-11-04': 'Under Armour Cuts Forecast, and Its Stock Drops : Under Armour, which is facing a federal investigation into past accounting practices, reported revenue declines for the fifth straight quarter in North America — its biggest market. Coal ash, a mix of fine powder and sludge that is a by-product of burning coal, is commonly stored in pits and landfills. The Washington Post and The New York Times first reported the administration\'s planned announcements. The administration would allow operators to request extensions of deadlines in 2020 and give them an additional eight years to comply -- until December 2028. This story has been updated with additional developments Monday. But we are quite optimistic that the remaining issues for the phase one can be closed out.” Should their production come back, that glut would only expand. Norwegian and Brazilian production has long been in decline. Things happen in different directions because decisions are made at different times." Guyana potentially has the most complicated future of the four countries. The industry is going to face capital starvation." We just have to be patient for a couple of more years." Photograph A Norwegian oil platform in the North Sea. The answer offers reasons for hope — and fear. There is, in other words, already some implied damage. China approves seaweed-based Alzheimer\'s drug. Dementia affects an estimated 50 million people worldwide, including 9.5 million people in mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.', '2019-11-05': 'Johnson Ally Stirs Ire By Placing Some Blame On Grenfell Fire Victims : Heading into an election campaign in Britain, the comment by one of Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s most well-known cabinet ministers could complicate matters for his Conservative Party. The S&P 500 rose 11.36, or 0.4 percent, to 3,078.27, and the Nasdaq composite added 46.80, or 0.6 percent, to 8,433.20. We are investing on expectations that whatever the worst is, we\'re there now." This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Let\'s say instead that we recommend further consideration. " At the same time, we must not provoke Putin. So what\'s wrong with UK elections in December? CNN\'s Milena Veselinovic contributed reporting. But there is a critical difference between then and now. The malaise seems to have spread to the eurozone. American businesses, by contrast, are not. We can\'t justify that spend without certainty," said Mr. Jeppson, who has watched from his office in Tacoma, Wash., as sales and profits plummeted because of continuing trade discord between the United States and China. " The question is how long it can continue. " Consumers have mostly held tight to their optimism. Consumers are responsible for 70 percent of the country\'s economic activity. Nicholas Bloom, an economics professor at Stanford University, disagrees.', '2019-11-06': 'Democrats Take Control of Virginia Legislature : Control of Virginia’s government fell to Democrats for the first time in decades, while Andy Beshear held an edge over Gov. Matt Bevin in the Kentucky election. Bondi and Sayegh\'s jobs would be temporary,. CNBC\'s Eamon Javers contributed to this report.: Also, 61% have reported higher than expected sales, which is important in the wake of concerns about an economic slowdown and the U.S.-China trade war. That would mean that Treasury yields will remain low. In Tuesday\'s trading, the Dow climbed 30.52 points, or 0.1%, to 27,492.63, the S&P 500 fell 3.65 points, or 0.1 percent, to 3,074.62 and the Nasdaq composite rose 1.48 points, or less than 0.1%, to 8,434.68. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. on roughly $ 112 billion of Chinese goods. It\'s a very extensive agreement that includes intellectual property rights, structural changes to agriculture, financial services currency and FX and an enforcement/dispute resolution chapter." Do we say that is unacceptable influence and interference? It\'s an opinion that most of his party shares. It just seems the common sense thing to do." In British politics, a popular technique often used is something called "dead cat strategy."', '2019-11-07': ': A meandering day of trading left stock indexes close to their record highs on Wednesday, as strong gains for health care companies were offset by sharp drops in energy stocks. Natural gas fell 3 cents to $ 2.83 per 1,000 cubic feet. This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in print. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Wednesday. ( Its participation and influence in international affairs have also grown. The exasperation of radical climate activists is understandable. We ask only that, when you cast your vote, you act on that." There were some who hoped that he might change as leader. German Chancellor Angela Merkel also disagreed with Macron. " The French President has found a rather drastic word to express his view. CNN\'s Simon Cullen, Stephen Collinson and Marlon Tavernier contributed to this report. Now they are saying \'slow down, you\'re producing way too much. The market capitalization of energy companies in the S&P 500 has been cut in half over the last four years, as institutional investors move out of the oil and gas sector due to squeezed margins and the threat to the industry posed by climate change.', '2019-11-08': ': Beijing is reining in small financial institutions that once lent with abandon. But the process has generated painful headlines. They arrested four people for what people described as "publicly spreading rumors on the internet." China\'s economic growth has slowed to its weakest pace in nearly three decades. The cost of living has gone up, but wages aren\'t rising as quickly. Two of Hengfeng Bank\'s former chairmen are now under investigation for corruption. In her confession, she said she had hoped the video "would go viral." Photograph The Baoshang Bank booth at an investment fair in Beijing in 2013. That is the $360bn question for investors. @ Unsurprisingly, this has sparked pre-seasonal market joy. One of the people cautioned that funds raised from the secondary listing, which comes five years after the company’s record $25bn initial public offering in New York, could vary substantially depending on the mood of the market. Sales rose 11%, and the company also announced a $500 million share repurchase program. CNBC\'s Yun Li, Pippa Stevens, Fred Imbert and Maggie Fitzgerald contributed to this report. In the stock market, it\'s all about trade now. Gold fell $ 26.00 to $ 1,464.20 per ounce. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Chart The S&P 500 Index: Position of the S&P 500 index at 1-minute intervals on Thursday. (', '2019-11-09': 'Trump to Black Voters: ‘The Democrat Party Left You a Long Time Ago’ : The outreach may not expand the president’s meager support among African-Americans, but it appeared aimed at reassuring suburban white voters discomfited by his use of racist tropes.: Investors are feeling better about the economy, but the yield curve has already predicted a recession. Stocks are at all-time highs and climbing. But as far as the economy is concerned, it might not matter. Once the yield curve has predicted a recession, one usually follows even if that signal changes later. When it does, the yield curve becomes what economists call "inverted." It happened this year, starting in March, and it got attention because an inverted yield curve is considered one of the financial world\'s most reliable predictors of a recession. This was an incredibly important thing for us to see." Lately, officials in Beijing and Washington have telegraphed that they\'re making progress in de-escalating the trade war. So was the recession signal from the yield curve wrong? Banks borrow money at short-term rates and then lend it out -- in a 30-year home mortgage, for example -- at long-term rates. And this time, something is slightly different. The last recession began in December 2007.) " Photograph (PHOTOGRAPH BY The New York Times FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)', '2019-11-10': 'Bolivian President Agrees To Hold New Election After Damning Audit : The Organization of American States found serious irregularities in an Oct. 20 vote won by leftist leader Evo Morales. Arctic Blast Puts a Chill On Veterans Day Events : Temperatures will be 15 to 25 degrees below normal over the eastern two-thirds of the U.S. early in the week, the National Weather Service said. Bolivia’s Leader Resigns, Heeding Protesters’ Call : A leftist who had served longer than any other current head of state in Latin America, Mr. Morales lost his grip on power amid violent protests set off by a disputed election. In Attacks by Biden, Some Warren Allies Detect a Whiff of Sexism : By calling Warren’s approach “condescending,” “angry” and elitist, Biden and his allies are making a risky case against a female candidate. He says the criticism has nothing to do with gender.', '2019-11-11': 'Satellites Seen as Threat to Astronomy : Various companies are pressing ahead with plans for internet service from space, which has prompted astronomers to voice concerns about the impact on research from telescopes on Earth. Whether you think that is the program\'s greatest feature or its worst flaw depends on how you think wealth is best created and distributed. For critics, it represents an ill-conceived and impractical attempt to redirect the rewards earned by the most productive and inventive entrepreneurs, investors and business leaders. Over time, billionaires would have many fewer billions. Political contributions, for example, might increase as some try to roll back the tax increases. I don\'t think that billionaires should exist," he has said. Surveys have shown wide public support for a wealth tax. But I\'m more worried about our democracy." " But even at 6 percent, he said, "we would all survive and continue to be rich and fly around in our planes." Investment returns, of course, range from devastating losses to eye-popping gains. Others have been more cautious with their predictions. " But even I feel that these are pretty big taxes." And the political realities, he added, make it unlikely that they ever will.', '2019-11-12': ': The country’s growing economy and shrinking inequality propped him up for years. But its democracy and its institutions suffered, and that’s what brought him down.: The Nasdaq composite slipped 11.04, or 0.1 percent, to 8,464.28. Bond markets were closed in observance of Veterans Day. Most investors expect the Fed to keep interest rates stable for now. Credit: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photograph An investor in Beijing. Gulf Oysters and a Tradition Are Imperiled : Cheap and plentiful, they’ve long been a menu staple in New Orleans and beyond. The project has “run out of money for a long time”, said one of the few remaining workers. @ Beijing has several possible options for any stimulus. @ Beijing could also loosen monetary policy to stimulate growth. Government officials, business executives and analysts expect an increase in stimulus to begin as early as December. Boosting ownership of NEVs is crucial for China to achieve its stated aim of eventually banning petrol and diesel vehicles. UBS has also agreed to repay about HK$200m to the affected clients. Local governments, for example, spent Rmb3.9tn on education in 2017, up from Rmb1.1tn a decade ago. @ Market psychology is always unpredictable, but it seems\xa0unlikely. Mark Sanford suspends 2020 presidential campaign - CNNPolitics : Mark Sanford suspends 2020 presidential campaign :  (CNN)Mark Sanford, the former South Carolina governor and congressman who two months ago launched a longshot primary challenge to President Donald Trump, suspended his candidacy Tuesday.', '2019-11-13': 'But when judged against the frenetic pace at which new businesses rise and fall, some things feel like they come pretty close. @ New York\'s southern border, where Meeder\'s sits, is one useful case. That discrepancy has created a sort of natural experiment. Their analysis immediately sparked debate. They also questioned which worker categories were examined. Those in Erie have climbed by just 14 percent. Customers barely noticed, Mr. Bentley said. I try not to go crazy -- you\'d rather sell out than throw out," she said. At some point, I will probably have to close." Chautauqua has typically voted for Republicans in recent elections for governor. Ben Casselman contributed reporting from New York. PHOTOGRAPHS BY ALLISON FARRAND FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B4) MAP (sources: Source: Census Bureau) (MAP BY KARL RUSSELL / THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B1); CHART (sources: Source: Census Bureau) (CHART BY KARL RUSSELL / THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B4)For years, employee engagement surveys have asked, “How often do you think about leaving the job?” The chief executive of a multinational told me recently, though, that he and his senior colleagues had decided they were misreading the results: a high score was no longer a sign of disaffection, but simply a proxy for younger recruits’ appetite for more challenges. @ He has started shifting these staff between jobs more often — every two to three years rather than three or four.', '2019-11-14': ': In testimony before Congress, Jerome Powell also suggested the Fed can test the labor market\'s limits. I\'m very open to the idea that we don\'t know where maximum employment precisely is." The central bank is tasked with maintaining both full employment and low and stable inflation. That view could influence policy decisions in the coming months. Mr. Powell also used the appearance to emphasize the central bank\'s freedom from the political process. " Politics plays absolutely no role in our decisions," he said. " We won\'t make mistakes of character or integrity. " Revenue increased about 94 percent, to $ 934 million. WeWork leases office space, refurbishes it and then rents it out to its customers. But doing so has cost hundreds of millions of dollars. Its existing bonds have plunged in price. It could leave an opening for the underdog Labour Party. Tensions between the countries are running high. Alibaba is a near-$490bn blue-chip which has pretty consistently beat revenues estimates. His politics and personality divide Turkey. An engagingly written and factually scrupulous portrait is the happy result. It was a ridiculous amount,” said Gerry Alfonso, head of research at Shenwan Hongyuan Securities in Shanghai.', '2019-11-15': 'Pilots advise passengers when they start a descent. As often with airlines, much of the trouble is external. Customers did the same when the territory was in the grip of the Sars virus in 2003. Margins are squeezed by the discounted seats designed to attract reluctant travellers. The merger is expected to reach formal completion on Tuesday, the companies said in a statement on Thursday. Executives have not specified how the savings would come about while insisting that the deal would "enhance quality journalism." Job cuts, in newsrooms and other areas, are likely. Local papers will likely vanish, jobs will be slashed, and reporting will suffer." When it comes to emerging markets, that does not seem to be the case this time around. But the country\'s economic prospects remain cloudy. It is in the middle of severe disruption and structural changes." When people have jobs and feel secure, they spend more. Photograph Loading container ships at the port of Hamburg, Germany, last month. The Dow slipped 1.63 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 27,781.96. First, a no-deal Brexit is looking unlikely. This implies outperformance by UK equities in coming months.', '2019-11-16': ': After a monthlong political crisis, Lebanon faces an economic one, too, as the effects of long-term policies crash into citizens\' lives. Let them stay on the streets," she said. " You are at the edge of the precipice and you are looking down, so unless you do that, where is this going to end?" But such processes often take month in Lebanon and it was not immediately clear how much backing Mr. Safadi had. A virtual problem, a theoretical problem that has spilled out in the real world." Another $ 2 billion was pulled out after banks reopened after the first two weeks of protests. Hwaida Saad contributed reporting from Beirut. Photograph Above, protesters in Beirut, Lebanon, in front of a burning barricade near Parliament this week. PHOTOGRAPHS BY BILAL HUSSEIN/ASSOCIATED PRESS; PATRICK BAZ/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)Bolivia’s Interim Leader Is Aiming for Unity, but Her Oversize Bible Isn’t Helping : The leader, Jeanine Añez, promised to unify a nation in turmoil. But her initial steps, taking the country rightward and injecting religious themes, risk deepening the divide.: The Dow extended its streak of weekly gains to four. Investors have been encouraged by surprisingly good corporate earnings, three interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve and data showing the economy is still growing solidly. Google parent Alphabet rose 1.9 percent, hitting an all-time high. Traders bid up shares in several big retailers.', '2019-11-17': "Turkey’s Deportations Force West to Deal With Its Former ISIS Fighters : President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s decision to send back foreign citizens who supported the Islamic State is handing Western Europe a problem it had hoped to avoid. Buttigieg Leads in Iowa Poll With His Centrist Message : Mr. Buttigieg had a surprisingly robust lead in the latest Des Moines Register and CNN poll. Its team pushed hard to shape the bill behind the scenes, meeting regularly with House and Senate committee staff who were writing the provisions. The paper formed the basis for the creation of FedEx. The company also accelerated previously scheduled wage increases for hourly employees by six months. Since September, Warren dropped six percentage points and Biden slipped five points, while Sanders gained four points. Cory Booker of New Jersey and Kamala Harris of California, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii, investor Tom Steyer and businessman Andrew Yang. The rest of the field receives 1% or less. His elevated standing in Iowa is grounded in steady support across different demographic groups. He does roughly as well with self-identified Democrats as he does with independents. Biden's core strength remains the electability factor. The Goldilocks principleWhat applies to porridge may also apply to politics. Supporters of other contenders aren't as rosy.", '2019-11-18': 'SoftBank-backed Yahoo Japan and messaging app Line have agreed to merge as Masayoshi Son seeks to create a south-east Asian powerhouse in data and artificial intelligence worth ¥3.3tn ($30bn). @ The deal follows years of courting by Mr Son, SoftBank’s founder, who has long pitched the merger as a way to compete against rivals in China and Silicon Valley, according to people familiar with the discussions. @ I thought it was a really good idea, but at the moment it looks a bit like an unloved child. ” The government has withheld payment, and now he is suing. But some people, particularly within academia and civil society groups, expressed alarm. Some of this was the reticence of a Wasp in his sixties. Looking back, there was another reason for Americans to curb their euphoria. They had just been deprived of more than they had gained. @ The poll was largely conducted before public hearings began. He also receives high marks on his handling of immigration (76%), trade with China (75%) and foreign policy (74%). The Utah senator had a favorable rating of 65% in December 2018. For the other three Democrats tested that number is in the single-digits. Rising wealth inequality needs a policy response. Such an ambitious measure runs the risk of failure.', '2019-11-19': 'As Climate Risks Rise, More Cities Tell Developers ‘No’ : A fight in Virginia Beach demonstrates the hard choices cities face when the pressure for new homes collides with the rising toll of natural disasters. Could it also explain the rise of autofiction? Some Afghans worry it won’t help renew peace talks. President Donald Trump had earlier hoped to have signatures on the first phase of a trade deal by now, at a major international summit that was scheduled for last weekend. But we caution investors to have reasonable expectations for additional gains going forward: Hope for the best, but be mindful that we could see an uptick in volatility at any time." Some churn was on display Monday as energy stocks sank 1.3 percent. It will do so by relying heavily on local investors and those in the Gulf. Now it\'s a shadow of what it used to be." They are being treated like criminals, not like the interdependent friends and trading partners that we have always been." The clothing stores there always had more options." But up here it\'s more like one big neighborhood." They kept us busy, especially Saturday mornings. The evidence in favour of more decisive action is mounting.', '2019-11-20': 'When China gifted Vanuatu a gigantic $28.5m national conference centre in 2016, it became a potent symbol of how Beijing uses development aid to strengthen its diplomatic ties throughout the Pacific. @ Presently there are more than 7,000 737NGs flying. @ A defective fan blade broke off and shattered the protective covering of its CFM56-7B engine. I knew the odds were a steep hill to climb but I have always fought for what is right and will continue to break barriers never broken. CNN\'s Dan Merica and Fredreka Schouten contributed to this report. Market sentiment has improved in recent weeks as trade tensions between China and the US have de-escalated, while the US labour market has again outperformed expectations — and there are short-term signs of some bottoming out of Europe’s economic cycle. Both scenarios would shake bond markets out of their current complacency. The challenge now goes to Parliament, and probably to a third election. If you can’t trust the auditors, who can you trust? But summer hasn\'t really even begun -- and fears are growing that conditions will only get worse. Very hot, dry & windy ahead of vigorous front moving across the west in arvo, central & sthn o/night with potential for raised dust. A total fire ban is in place across the state. Four people have died and hundreds of homes have been destroyed. " The drought and the fires are the most urgent symptoms of Australia\'s climate crisis.', '2019-11-21': 'What do paper, printing with moveable type, gunpowder and the compass have in common? The answer is that they were Chinese inventions. But creating that new idea may well have been costly. They have cut interest rates three times since late July, to a range between 1.5 and 1.75 percent. " I certainly want to monitor and assess how the economy is reacting to those cuts." said the New York Fed president, John C. Williams. " The Fed is likely to continue disappointing Mr. Trump. PHOTOGRAPH BY T.J. KIRKPATRICK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)Will plant-based pork dumplings become the faux burgers of China? But all are gambling on untested demand. @ Technology stocks took the heaviest losses. The selling nudged the major American stock indexes off their recent record highs. China condemned the move and threatened "strong countermeasures." Just a few years ago, there was almost no online food delivery in India. His think tank, the Paulson Institute, focuses on China. But it would not be in America\'s interest. And it would help other financial centers like Tokyo, London and Singapore. Now She’s Near the Center of an Inquiry. : A dust storm turned the sky bright orange and covered everything in sight.', '2019-11-22': 'Global trade in goods is contracting, manufacturing investment is weak across the world and global supply chains are unravelling. This counter-intuitive development cries out for explanation. @ The prince still runs the country and Yasir al-Rumayyan, chairman of Saudi Aramco and head of the kingdom’s sovereign wealth fund, responded by calling off plans for a global IPO in favour of a local offering. Health care and communication services companies also rose. The market needs a sense that there won\'t be an escalation in the trade war." The Nasdaq slid 20.52 points, or 0.2 percent, to 8,506.21. Index compilers are the new active managers. This time, the damage to its reputation could be serious. Mr Webb had warned investors to avoid ArtGo. Among them is Zhongnan Center in the eastern city of Suzhou. The situation is not going to improve any time soon.” @ Now he\'s signed an exclusive deal with Facebook. The father of three told his family he was okay and needed to the rest. Read More "I know that when the doctor says, \'I need to speak with you\', it\'s because things are not good. I immediately thought I had lost my eye, impossible that after this I will still have sight or that my eye will go back to normal." Matt Rivers, Natalie Gallon and Cristopher Ulloa contributed to this report.', '2019-11-23': 'Matt Gaetz: GOP congressman responds to Kellyanne Conway\'s concerns about marijuana - CNNPolitics : \'OK boomer\': Millennial Republican responds to Kellyanne Conway\'s concerns about marijuana : Washington (CNN)A millennial Republican congressman, and one of President Donald Trump\'s closest allies on Capitol Hill, is hitting back at White House counselor Kellyanne Conway\'s concerns about marijuana legalization. " In April, Conway told CNN, "We\'re very concerned about the effect (of marijuana) on the brain, among young people. On Wednesday, the House Judiciary Committee voted 24-10 to pass a bill out of committee that would decriminalize marijuana on the federal level. Other congressional committees are still slated to review the legislation. CNN\'s Kevin Liptak and Nikki Carvajal contributed to this report. Stocks shook off a midday stumble to finish slightly higher on Friday, though the modest rebound was not enough to keep the S&P 500 from breaking its longest stretch of weekly gains in two years. The Nasdaq composite added 13.67 points, or 0.2 percent, to 8,519.88. Major stock indexes in Europe also finished broadly higher. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq are up by more than 24 percent, while the Dow is up nearly 20 percent. Doubts have persisted despite some encouraging remarks from the presidents of both nations. The department store climbed 5.2 percent Friday. That\'s not as bad as the 4 percent drop that analysts were earlier expecting. Some fear that protections dating to 1866 are in jeopardy.', '2019-11-24': 'Matt Gaetz: GOP congressman responds to Kellyanne Conway\'s concerns about marijuana - CNNPolitics : \'OK boomer\': Millennial Republican responds to Kellyanne Conway\'s concerns about marijuana : Washington (CNN)A millennial Republican congressman, and one of President Donald Trump\'s closest allies on Capitol Hill, is hitting back at White House counselor Kellyanne Conway\'s concerns about marijuana legalization. " In April, Conway told CNN, "We\'re very concerned about the effect (of marijuana) on the brain, among young people. On Wednesday, the House Judiciary Committee voted 24-10 to pass a bill out of committee that would decriminalize marijuana on the federal level. Other congressional committees are still slated to review the legislation. CNN\'s Kevin Liptak and Nikki Carvajal contributed to this report. Stocks shook off a midday stumble to finish slightly higher on Friday, though the modest rebound was not enough to keep the S&P 500 from breaking its longest stretch of weekly gains in two years. The Nasdaq composite added 13.67 points, or 0.2 percent, to 8,519.88. Major stock indexes in Europe also finished broadly higher. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq are up by more than 24 percent, while the Dow is up nearly 20 percent. Doubts have persisted despite some encouraging remarks from the presidents of both nations. The department store climbed 5.2 percent Friday. That\'s not as bad as the 4 percent drop that analysts were earlier expecting. Some fear that protections dating to 1866 are in jeopardy.', '2019-11-25': 'A Must-Win That Sanders Might Not Win : New Hampshire is as close to a must-win state as Mr. Sanders has, and, despite his overwhelming victory against Hillary Clinton in 2016, winning is far from a sure thing right now. The order is on hold as Uber appeals the decision. But ... if we take a step back and look at the six-month chart, we find that we are still in a defined downtrend," O\'Hara said. " We have price trading below a declining 50-day moving average. We have a series of lower highs in place as well as lower lows. Uber shares were just above the $29 level in early Monday trading. In interviews, voters rejected the idea that racial representation equated to change. Martin Brudermüller, the German chemical group’s chief executive, said the facility in Guangdong province is the largest investment in BASF’s 154-year history and reflects confidence in the growth of the Chinese market. @ “ The question is one I hear over and again each time I venture beyond its shores. How could such a sane, stable democracy so lose its way? Let’s get Brexit done, the prime minister booms. Goodbye craven fealty to Brussels, welcome Global Britain. @ A charitable interpretation says this is simply plain nonsense. It reveals alarmingly high levels of mental and physical ill health. But blessedly, most Irish people realise that. The 2010s should not be remembered as another lost decade for Japan.', '2019-11-26': 'How The Interior Department Got Swamped : At least 11 department officials have cashed out for jobs with fossil fuel interests, lobbying firms or other private companies. If the outlook changes materially, policy will change as well." In addition, global growth and trade have presented ongoing risks and uncertainties." PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL REYNOLDS/EPA, VIA SHUTTERSTOCK)Gold bugs have always struck me as paranoid. So, it’s rather worrying that some investors and central bankers are talking up gold. @ He didn’t succeed, and sterling was devalued in 1967. The outcome was seen as a major national humiliation, the economic equivalent of Suez. @ In European trading on Monday, bitcoin slipped as much as 11 per cent before rebounding to about $7,250. The government bond offering could raise as much as $6bn, people familiar with the deal said. Minutes before the market opened, Daniel Zhang, the company’s chief executive, addressed an audience gathered at Hong Kong’s stock exchange for a listing ceremony. People have heard from the other candidates and they’re still looking. ” For decades, coal was the cornerstone of the power industry. That will cause coal\'s market share to drop below 22%, compared with 28% in 2018. It\'s a negative feedback loop," said Greentech\'s Deschenes. This trend is playing out overseas as well. If the crossover doesn\'t occur in 2021, it will without a doubt do so by 2022."', '2019-11-27': 'Losing in Courts but Winning, Trump Can Run Out the Clock : As fights over the president’s stonewalling of Congress play out slowly in courts, he is reducing the prospect that voters learn new damaging facts about him before the 2020 election. Now residents are being evacuated the night before Thanksgiving. But little has emerged about what any new digital sovereign currency — which would be the first of its kind — might look like, or when it might be rolled out. Annual gross domestic product growth is running at 6 per cent, its slowest pace in about 30 years. Last year, the majority was general-purpose debt. @ As long as the funding gap is still there, they will still need LGFVs. ” The S&P 500 index rose 6.88 points, or 0.2%, to 3,140.52. The S&P 500 is up by more than 25%, while the Dow is up by more than 20%. The company also raised its earnings guidance. The lower yields weighed on banks, which use them to set interest rates on mortgages and other loans. Bank of America, Citigroup and Wells Fargo all fell. AP Business Writer Damian J. Troise contributed. Many are turning to new technologies for cost-effective solutions to clean up waste. Trash being separated at an optical sorting plant in Oslo, Norway. Once the bin is full, its sensors alert the waste collectors. But that requires a lot of trucks, which means added costs and more traffic.', '2019-11-28': 'Donald Trump has signed two US bills supporting Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protesters, defying calls from China to block the legislation and putting the territory’s special trade status at risk. @ This is equivalent to 22 bags each per man, woman and child. Campaigners are urging other supermarkets to do the same. Demand for wireless earphones is surging. MSCI has gradually increased their weighting throughout 2019. @ Corbyn earlier announced a plan to plant 2 billion new trees by 2040. Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage did not accept our invitation to attend. And so what he\'s doing now is he\'s avoiding, he\'s running scared. " The new estimate, as well as data showing a bigger-than-expected rebound in durable goods orders in October, may help allay concerns about the health of the US economy, particularly manufacturing and business investment, which continues to be tested by the impact of Donald Trump’s trade war on China. These last two years, there has been a lot of pressure. Delhi has never enjoyed the economies of scale that its giant neighbour benefits from. Over that same span, the economic outlook became gloomier. What does that tension suggest about the economic future? The risk is not that one asset ends up being a bubble, but that all of them are. Photograph On the floor of the New York Stock Exchange last week. To this day there are military-style elements of haute couture." Read MoreIt was not clear from Thiel\'s explanation how the post came about.', '2019-11-29': 'Suddenly, the Chinese Threat to Australia Seems Very Real and ‘Inescapable’ : After a businessman said Chinese agents sought to implant him in Parliament, that revelation and other espionage cases have finally signaled the end of a “let’s get rich together” era. Foreign companies have shouldered heavy costs for a piece of China’s $130bn pharma market. In a reverse auction, as in any other kind, it is easy to strain your budget. @ These become the preferred choice for more than 1.3bn people covered by the national plan. @ China’s population is getting wealthier even as it ages. No drugs multinational can afford to sit on the sidelines of this contest. Criticism of dollar dominance has arrived back at its ancestral home in Europe. Over the past decade, calls to reduce the dollar’s role have come mostly from Russia, China and Iran. There are signs that central banks are voting with their feet. Who’s Paying for Those Free Stock Trades? : But brokerages have to make money somehow, and here are some of the ways. She has proved to be an uneven campaigner who changes her message and tactics to little effect and has a staff torn into factions.', '2019-11-30': "Businessman Is Charged in Murder Case That Shook Malta : Stalled for years, the inquiry into the killing of the journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia has stirred suspicions of Maltese officials and calls for the premier to resign. But choosing a successor may be a long, arduous task.: AUTOMOBILES Daimler Plans to Cut At Least 10,000 Jobs The German automaker Daimler said on Friday that it planned to cut at least 10,000 jobs worldwide by the end of 2022. The company said on Nov. 14 that it planned to reduce costs by 1.4 billion euros, or about $ 1.54 billion, by cutting every tenth managerial position and taking other measures, but it did not give details. The company employs about 300,000 people. The cause of the fire, in Sonoma County, has not been determined. Unemployment in the region has fallen steadily for the past few years as the region recovered from a financial crisis and fears over Greece's future in the eurozone abated. ASSOCIATED PRESS Credit: By The Associated Press Photograph (PHOTOGRAPH BY PHILIP PACHECO/A.F.P. -- GETTY IMAGES)Businessman Is Charged in Murder Case That Shook Malta : Stalled for years, the inquiry into the killing of the journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia has stirred suspicions of Maltese officials and calls for the premier to resign.", '2019-12-01': 'Joe Sestak ends 2020 presidential campaign - CNNPolitics : Joe Sestak ends long-shot 2020 Democratic presidential campaign : Washington (CNN)Former Pennsylvania Rep. Joe Sestak on Sunday ended his long-shot 2020 presidential bid after failing to gain traction in the race for the Democratic Party\'s nomination. " I want to thank you for the honor of running for President of the United States of America," Sestak said in a statement. " It has been an endeavor filled with immeasurable wisdom, passions, humor and insights to, and from, the people of America. " Sestak, who mounted unsuccessful bids for US Senate in 2010 and 2016, entered an already-crowded Democratic primary field in June hoping to leverage his career in the US Navy into a successful campaign, but did not qualify for any of the major Democratic presidential debates. " His departure Sunday leaves more than a dozen Democrats still vying for the nomination. Sestak acknowledged his campaign\'s failure to find national support Sunday, saying, "Without the privilege of national press, it is unfair to ask others to husband their resolve and to sacrifice resources any longer. Trump Official Says Gallagher Decision Shows \'Little To No Understanding\' Of Military : Col. David Lapan, who worked in the Department of Homeland Security under Trump, called the president\'s meddling "unprecedented. " A Fractured Coalition Loses Ground on Abortion : Miscalculations, and an unexpected victory by President Trump, have put abortion access at its most vulnerable point in decades, and the left on the defensive.', '2019-12-02': "Last week, in defiance of international law and overturning four decades of US policy, the president green-lighted Israel’s eventual annexation of most of the occupied Palestinian territories, by legitimising illegal Jewish settlements in the West Bank. @ Property in Hong Kong is among the most expensive in the world. Also: Having to work on the holiday, and shopping all the time. TCI has warned Airbus, Moody’s, Charter Communications and other companies to improve their pollution disclosure or it will vote against their directors and called for asset owners to fire fund managers that did not insist on climate transparency, according to letters seen by the FT. @ “ There is just about one more month left of 2019. For those who bet on China early on, it has already been a good year. They are likely to be proved wrong, once again. @ Fewer stimulus packages and more risk management is its new objective. The 50-point level separates expansion from contraction. The flouting of another NATO principle is compounding that unease. And I'm absolutely certain that we'll manage to do that also this time. Erdogan presents a problem on a different scale. But with Trump in the room that's not going to be easy.", '2019-12-03': 'Russia has begun gas supplies to China via the Power of Siberia pipeline,\xa0the largest gas project in its history and a symbol of Moscow’s diplomatic pivot towards Beijing at a time of worsening relations with the west. @ According to the UN, the planet is currently on track for 3.2C of warming by the end of the century. Yet he prevailed to become New York City’s mayor. “ History does not repeat itself, but it often rhymes. This remark is often incorrectly attributed to Mark Twain. This was a great power conflict between the chief victors of the second world war. It was a time of civil strife, populism, nationalism, communism, fascism and national socialism. Going further back still, we reach the decisive period 1870-1914. Today’s era is a mixture of all three of these. So what lessons are we to learn from these eras? @ Perhaps the most obvious one is that quality of leadership matters. But nuclear deterrence may not be enough. The latest friction between Washington and Beijing could hamper that progress. " Industrial and communication services companies also moved lower. I don\'t think such a sweeping judgment is appropriate," she said. Is that a Europe that thinks about its destiny and builds?"', '2019-12-04': 'Four years ago, it was Paris  for the next fortnight, it is Madrid. The scenery changes but the message does not: the world is running out of time to halt catastrophic climate change. Compared with the west, working hours are long and at the end of the day most employees return to homes that are much smaller and often shared with several generations of the same family. @ And as the campaign has gone on it’s become harder and harder to raise the money we need to compete. ” The China trade deal is dependent on one thing: Do I want to make it? A far greater restraining influence has been homegrown. If state interests require it, private interests must be sacrificed. But does the latest shift also betray a developing official antipathy toward private enterprise per se? @ Most analysts take a more charitable view. At 6 per cent in the third quarter, GDP growth was at its lowest level in 27 years. The White House has not made clear whether the president would support the measure. But supplies aren’t likely to run out anytime soon. Human rights advocates denounced the repeal as shameful. Four years ago, it was Paris  for the next fortnight, it is Madrid.', '2019-12-05': 'To avoid catastrophic temperature rises, we need to cap our carbon emissions now and begin the swift journey to net zero by 2050. Climate outrage has hit new, global heights, with millions of citizens taking to the streets to demand action. Corporate activism is the game-changer we need. @ I spoke to Italy and they look like they are not going to go forward with that,” he said. “ He is also the author of "Beyond the Messy Truth: How We Came Apart, How We Come Together." The views expressed in this commentary are his own. It is an astonishing reversal in both political parties. The answers are complicated -- and surprising. I have a special perspective on the topic. Read MoreI have dedicated my life to this cause. Now, there are more open jobs in some cities than there are qualified workers. And in recent years, household names like Common, John Legend, Alicia Keys and Kim Kardashian have become outspoken advocates. Republicans care a lot about public safety. The Koch brothers fall into this category. Get our free weekly newsletterSign up for CNN Opinion\'s new newsletter. STOCKS & BONDS The gains snapped a three-day losing streak for the S&P 500, though the benchmark index remains on track for a weekly decline. Central banks have cut interest rates and unloaded stimulus to help spur growth. Read MoreFrench President Emmanuel Macron during the NATO summit in the United Kingdom.', '2019-12-06': 'The Rajapaksas’ return to power in Sri Lanka is a reminder of China Inc’s unfortunate geopolitical miscalculations in south and south-east Asia. @ Via its fully controlled holding company Hainan Airlines Holding, HNA owns 24 airlines including Hainan, Beijing Capital Airlines and stakes in TAP Air Portugal and Virgin Australia. @ It will need more funds to cover all other overheads. This is down a third from its March peak. The court ruling has nothing to do with the government funding we have received,” said the official. @ Downing Street referred CNN to the Foreign Office. " Cummings has been unrepentant over his tactics. Attempts by CNN to reach Hall Hall for further comment were unsuccessful. Seven fires with emergency warnings were in place in NSW. "" The reality of climate change - hotter and drier means more fires. It will mean a safer planet for our children and more affordable energy." Technology stocks were among the biggest gainers Thursday. Benchmark crude oil was unchanged at $ 58.43 a barrel. The trends are related — but maybe not in the way you think.', '2019-12-07': 'Pete Buttigieg Struggles To Explain His Lack Of Transparency On Fundraising : He once released his campaign bundlers, but he no longer does. As Rivals Jostle, Democrats Face A Primary Slog : In a volatile primary with no true front-runner, Democrats face the prospect of a monthslong delegate battle that would also feature a lengthy public airing of the party’s ideological fissures.: The report also showed unemployment falling to a 50-year low. Heating oil climbed 2 cents to $ 1.95 per gallon. Major stock indexes in Europe finished higher.: But that closely watched sector remained anemic. " And you need to be able to speak and communicate in English." It\'s cold, it\'s hot, it\'s wet, the floors are slippery," he said, "so there tends to be a fair amount of turnover." Just how many more people are available to work is hotly debated among economists. The government will revise its November job estimates two more times, and its October estimate once more. I think the labor market over all is looking pretty healthy." If we knew then what we know now, it would have had big implications for what seemed like sensible policy. And markets seem to be getting that message. And the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems! # Those cuts are now slated to expire in 2025.', '2019-12-08': 'Trump Adviser: We\'re Taking Saudis \'At Their Word\' On Pensacola Shooting : National security adviser Robert O\'Brien said Saudi Arabia promised "full cooperation" in the FBI\'s investigation of the deadly Navy base attack. House Judiciary Chairman: Jury Would Find Trump Guilty In \'3 Minutes Flat\' : Jerry Nadler said the House has a "rock solid case" against the president regarding his dealings with Ukraine. It\'s that stressful time in the holiday shopping season when we\'re all playing chicken with sales -- wait a little longer, and the price could go down; wait too long, and things will sell out. Some gift options that probably won\'t get cheaper? Here\'s what to know about that, plus other top stories in the business and tech worlds. But it isn\'t the only ride-hailing app with safety problems. Incidentally, both companies continue to lose money. The measure demands that able-bodied adults without children or other dependents fulfill specific work requirements to receive benefits. But now, the federal government says the job market is strong enough that such waivers are no longer necessary. French officials vowed to fight the new levies, which do not yet have an effective date. But the valuation still falls short of the Saudi royal family\'s hopes of $ 2 trillion. But now it\'s not looking like such a sure bet. Despite a ban on imports, Thailand is a center of the business.', '2019-12-09': 'Beijing has ordered all government offices and public institutions to remove foreign computer equipment and software within three years, in a potential blow to the likes of HP, Dell and Microsoft. @ Streaming Services Make a Big Splash : Streaming services had a big day with Netflix leading the TV and film categories. The central government also lowered capital requirements for infrastructure projects such as railways, ports and toll roads. @ Shen Jianguang, chief economist at JD Digits, a financial services firm agreed. “ How many more rail lines does China need?” Raw material inventory, another closely watched proxy, is also falling as consumption warms up. Do you really want to plan for a future where you have to fight with someone who is as good as you are?” he asked the annual gathering at the Reagan Presidential Library. “ ” In the steel industry, it’s not always perfect. Some years are good and some years are bad,” she says. “ He will testify before Congress on Wednesday.2 Pardoned Soldiers Appear With President : The president had pardoned Army First Lt. After five years of war, 13,000 deaths, more than 2m internally displaced people and billions of dollars in economic destruction, progress towards settling the conflict in eastern Ukraine would be very welcome. @ The gulf in trust between the public and the political class has never yawned so wide. @', '2019-12-10': 'Another Harassment Claim Is Filed Against Fox News : The Fox Nation host accused her former co-host Tyrus, whose real name is George Murdoch, of sexual harassment and said that Fox News failed to respond appropriately to her claims. The Uncertainty of Brexit : Whether Brexit would be good for business or not, the interminable nature of leaving the European Union has already created problems for those concerned about their livelihoods.: Wall Street markets closed lower on Monday as losses in technology, health care and financial companies outweighed gains elsewhere. The market also remained focused on developments in the trade negotiations between the United States and China. The S&P 500 index lost 9.95 points, or 0.3 percent, to 3,135.96. Major stock indexes in Europe also closed broadly lower. Several retailers helped lift the consumer discretionary stocks sector. Traders also weighed several big health care sector deals. ArQule is in the early stages of studying potential treatments for conditions including leukemia. The department awarded the so-called Jedi contract to Microsoft. Beijing has ordered all government offices and public institutions to remove foreign computer equipment and software within three years. But this win will be a pyrrhic one at best. @ US rivals including HP, Dell and Microsoft would lose out. @', '2019-12-11': 'Inquiry Rebukes Coast Guard for Hostile Work Environment : A report by the House Oversight Committee said the Coast Guard had failed to turn around a culture that coddles bullying and was hostile to women and minorities. In response, Iranian security forces have killed hundreds. What we are not sure is where the peak is.” @ Although PPI remained weak, which could give the PBoC greater room to stimulate the economy, prices of raw materials such as cement and steel have risen in recent weeks. @ This turns out to be good practice for making sense of a complex world. Many survivors suffered extensive burns to their bodies and lungs. They want to bring back people\'s loved ones home. One of those -- Jack Milbank -- was celebrating his 19th birthday on Monday. CNN\'s Angus Watson contributed reporting from Hong Kong. Trump praised Tuesday\'s meeting as "very good." Few would have predicted such robust results a year ago. A dollar of tech earnings seems like more of a sure bet than a dollar of Midwestern steel earnings." PHOTOGRAPH BY JEENAH MOON/BLOOMBERG) (B6): Stocks edged lower on Tuesday ahead of a looming weekend deadline for trade talks between Washington and Beijing.', '2019-12-12': 'Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, has warned Donald Trump that imposing tariffs on additional Chinese goods would inflict damage to the US economy, as the US president faces a decision within days on whether to impose new levies on Beijing. @ ” I formally reported again before the second crash. No action was taken in response to either of my reports. ” Exit poll suggests Boris Johnson is on course for a huge win in UK election - CNN : Exit poll suggests Boris Johnson is on course for a huge win in UK election : (CNN)Boris Johnson\'s election gamble appears to have paid off. We live in the greatest democracy in the world," he tweeted. The transition period is designed to prevent a hard landing. For full results as they come in, click here. I understand, I feel pain, take that anger you feel and know it has to be fuel. The former London Mayor is known for his grandiose and at times clownish demeanor, messy haircut and fondness for Latin phrases. His personal life is best described as "complicated. " Wall Street capped a wobbly day Wednesday with modest gains for stocks, snapping a two-day losing streak for the S&P 500. Some companies made big moves after releasing earnings reports. The more money an investor has, the more frequent their errors. Who could he possibly have been referring to? Xinzhou Bamboo is now looking to branch out.', '2019-12-13': 'Left Loses Base In Realignment Of U.K. Politics : The Labour Party’s devastating defeat in an ex-stronghold has grave consequences for a party: Its two wings — older and working class and urban and educated — appear to have irreconcilable differences. Progressives said there were few similarities between the two political races. The following day however, Johnson appeared to use a Huawei phone to take a selfie after a TV interview. Ireland will remain in the European Union. You may only have lent us your vote, you may not consider yourself a natural Tory," Johnson said. " Women, however, still make up just over a third of lawmakers. The Labour Party had held the seat since it was created in 1950. The transition period is designed to prevent a hard landing. Labour\'s leadership needs to take responsibility." CNN\'s Simon Cullen contributed to this report. This article has been updated to correct the number of women elected. The whisky world has changed dramatically in the past 10 years. France’s position for months has been a request for clarity . . . This clarification appears to have arrived.” Banks helped lead the gains as bond prices fell, sending yields higher. Technology companies also made strong gains. The company said it expects sustained demand for air travel and stable prices for jet fuel.', '2019-12-14': ': For a few weeks last summer, you would have been forgiven for thinking the United States was racing headlong into a recession. It is also possible that those risks were never as great as they had appeared. As is so often the case in economics, they told a complicated and not altogether consistent story. The bottom line: Things look better now than they did in the summer, but there is still cause for vigilance. ( For more information on all of these indicators and why they are important, see our original story.) Discussion: The unemployment rate was near a 50-year low back in July. What it is saying now: A break in the clouds? When that has happened historically, recessions have tended to follow in short order. Indicator 3: The ISM Manufacturing Index What it was saying in July: Mostly cloudy. Another closely watched measure, from the University of Michigan is also down but not by as much.) Car sales have been holding more or less steady for years. Wall Street closed out a listless day Friday with tiny gains and more record highs for the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. Technology sector stocks were the biggest winners Friday. Shares in several department store chains fell.', '2019-12-15': ': The decisive Conservative victory in Britain leaves no doubt that in today\'s global equation, national interests are supreme and globalization is suspect. Britain\'s departure from the European Union is the clearest manifestation that this idea no longer holds decisive sway. Its appellate body, which adjudicates disputes, has been rendered inoperative by the Trump administration\'s blocking of new judges. The Pacific trading bloc would set rules on investment, labor and environmental standards. To gain access, China would be forced to adopt the bloc\'s rules. But in Trumpian thinking, multilateralism is for suckers. Mr. Trump called it "an amazing deal for all." But economists said the announcement of new farm purchases reflected goods that China was already buying. They entail prying open new markets for exports in exchange for exposing domestic companies to new competitors. People are dissatisfied with the complexity of policy and this feeling that those who have the levers of policy are somehow out of their reach." It\'s going to have massive implications," Mr. Hassan said. Judge Orders Wisconsin To Purge Nearly 234,000 Voters From The Voter Rolls : A report from the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel says Democrats will be hardest-hit by the removals in a state Trump narrowly won in 2016.', '2019-12-16': 'Huge changes are afoot in the UK casual labour market. They say it is a benefit, not a penalty, and a symbol of empowerment and freedom. Boeing may curb the production of 737 Max airplanes, source says  - CNN : Boeing may curb the production of 737 Max airplanes, source says  :  (CNN Business)Boeing is considering curbing production of the troubled 737 Max and could announce the decision as soon as Monday after the US markets close, a source familiar with the decision-making process said. But the company has not been able to deliver the planes. Regulators also have to inspect each aircraft, adding to the delay. He said his recommendations fell on deaf ears. That document was made public at a House Transportation Committee hearing on Wednesday. It\'s a pretty small deal, coming at a pretty high cost." The deal will need to make up a lot of ground in the area of agriculture, as well. Chris Buckley contributed reporting from Beijing. Photograph Robert Lighthizer, the U.S. trade adviser, with Vice Premier Liu He of China. He has called the new deal "remarkable." ( Directors had announced no decision as of Sunday evening. @ We think it was a good negotiation and will make a real difference. But our expectation is they will keep their obligations.” @ A House vote is expected as early as Thursday. That is a year-on-year rise of 42 per cent and 24 per cent respectively. @', '2019-12-17': 'Apple faces a showdown with activist shareholders over its human rights policies after criticism that it kowtowed to Beijing when it removed a controversial mapping app during the Hong Kong protests. @ Shareholders at the iPhone maker’s annual meeting next year will be asked to press the company for a public commitment to respect freedom of expression. In 2016 it spent a total of $8.4bn on seven global acquisitions, according to data from Refinitiv. The company also operates networks in Italy, Portugal and Australia. @ Iraq announced in September that it would join the initiative.: The American economy has found its footing after a summer recession scare. But much of the Midwest is still stumbling. Other economic measures show similar weakness. Well, in this part of the country that\'s not comforting. Those are the two industries we depend on." That is almost always going to have a disproportionately large impact on the Midwest." November data, which should reflect the end of the strike, will be released later this month.) Since then, however, Macomb\'s fortunes have reversed. The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.6 per cent. Surprisingly strong economic reports out of China helped drive the rally. Health care stocks also notched solid gains. Gold fell 60 cents to $ 1,475 per ounce, silver rose 11 cents to $ 17.02 per ounce and copper gained 4 cents to $ 2.82 per pound.', '2019-12-18': "Joe Biden Releases Doctor's Report Calling Him 'Healthy, Vigorous' : Dr. Kevin O'Connor writes in a three-page note that the Democratic presidential candidate is in overall good shape. Will Big Tech Shift Power To Its Users? : A decentralized internet was hailed as a way to dethrone Twitter and Facebook. A national heat wave pushed high temperatures across the country on Tuesday to an average of 105.6 degrees. Verizon Users Report Outages Across Country : Users reported widespread disruptions as they tried to make outgoing calls and text. This [verdict] indicates the path we are going to take in future. China took an important step towards projecting its growing military power further beyond its shores when its first domestically built aircraft carrier entered service on Tuesday. @ A ceasefire between the world’s two biggest economic powers is helping the US                                                          stock market end 2019 at record highs. This trade optimism has drowned out everything else. It would be negligent to dismiss that threat quite so easily. Investors forget the summer’s warning at their peril. @ The first time I heard the costly phrase was in a finance lecture at university in the mid-1990s. Defaults on corporate bonds are relatively new to China. The support for private enterprise has been selective because local governments have limited resources.” @ Shareholders of each group would hold 50 per cent ownership in the new entity. @", '2019-12-19': 'Mitch McConnell Blasts Impeachment As \'Rushed\' And \'Unfair\' : The Republican senator accused Nancy Pelosi of being afraid to send “their shoddy work product to the Senate. ” The bank did not disclose details of who the minority Chinese partner will be. @ Otherwise it\'s all just blather," he said. In the past, when the cycle\'s turned ... this $58 stock has rallied through $100 — it\'s hit those lofty levels twice in the last five years," he said. " " What does that mean for those doing a read-through? It meant the casual dining segment remained strong. " Mr Liu\xa0 stepped down as chairman of Lenovo in 2011. A top adviser to China’s central bank has warned of a possible “chain reaction” of defaults among the country’s thousands of local government financing vehicles after one of these entities nearly missed a payment this month. @ However, she said the administration "strongly opposes" the bill in its current form. CNN\'s Kylie Atwood contributed to this report.: Smaller-company stocks outperformed the rest of the market. More stocks rose than fell on the New York Stock Exchange. Major European markets closed mostly lower. Stocks have been mostly hovering near their recent record highs this week. The company cited "weak global economic conditions" and higher expenses. FedEx\'s woes also pulled shares in rival UPS lower. Heating oil declined 1 cent to $ 2.02 per gallon.', '2019-12-20': 'We offer several ways to reach our journalists securely. It\'s not a question of if, it\'s a question of when. And that throughput is secondary to our process." The decision was made out of sensitivity to people with medical conditions. And if we\'re turning down sensitivity to increase speed, we are putting people at risk. And particularly the flight crews in the cabin. ... During the test, TSA officers missed 67 of the 70 fake weapons that went through the checks -- a failure rate of 95%. Especially when you (already) have such an abysmal testing rate. ": Technology companies led stocks higher on Wall Street Thursday, extending the market\'s gains for the week and pushing the major indexes to more record highs. We\'ve kind of known how this was going to play out for months," said Scott Ladner, chief investment officer at Horizon Investments. " That just means that everybody has had an opinion, and whatever opinion that is it\'s been priced into the market." The 10-year Treasury yield dipped to 1.91 percent from 1.92 percent late Wednesday. Utilities and energy companies were the only decliners. Reports on the United States economy were mixed. We offer several ways to reach our journalists securely.', '2019-12-21': 'Barred by U.S., Migrants Suffer In Violent Limbo Along Border : A father was tortured in front of his 3-year-old son until his wife in New Jersey paid $2,000 to his captors. It\'s hard to overstate how much of an impediment a lack of regulatory clarity has been, for opportunity zones to work as Congress intended." Photograph Steve Glickman, third from left, an architect of the opportunity zone program. ( The agency said the company mistreated buyers of ads based on keywords. Read MoreThe court\'s words might be a little dramatic. First, you cannot officially expel an EU member state. It would require unanimous agreement among the other member states to even have a vote on doing so. Right now, there are several delinquent states causing havoc in Brussels. National courts are expected to respect European law. It largely depends on national judges and national civil servants to implement the law." But he\'s very divisive in the way he goes about it. Europe needs to act, if the project is to survive. The question is, should it use a stick or carrot to restore unity? Brexit, if anything strengthened the union," says McCrea.', '2019-12-22': "How Child Sex Sites Elude Shutdown Efforts for Years : Several websites popular with sexual predators were thwarted last month after a determined campaign by groups dedicated to eliminating the content. It was a rare victory in an unending war. In Israel, a Rival Emerges To Challenge Netanyahu : With Israel’s prime minister under indictment, Gideon Saar is challenging him for the Likud party leadership. His chances may be slim, but he has cracked Likud’s united front. Nigeria Cracks Down on Critic, and a New Jersey Town Hits Back : When the Nigerian government went after a prominent detractor in the midst of a broad crackdown on free speech, it didn’t expect to stir resistance 5,000 miles away. Witnesses 'Must Testify' At Impeachment Trial, Declares GOP Group. ' Republicans for the Rule of Law coalition stepped up pressure for a full Senate impeachment trial.", '2019-12-23': 'In 2019, Me Too Sparked More Change, But Not Nearly Enough : While people bravely continue to speak out against sexual misconduct, there are plenty of signs that a system protecting perpetrators still persists. Online Attacks Rise When the Mayor Is a Woman. : Female mayors are more than twice as likely as male mayors to experience psychological abuse and almost three times as likely to experience physical violence, a new study found. Parliament has backed Boris Johnson’s withdrawal agreement, putting Britain on course to leave the EU on January 31. It is now clear that the future of the UK union itself will move centre stage next year. Supporters of the union must make the case for its survival. @ Viewed from Scotland, political arguments for independence have strengthened. Mr Johnson’s withdrawal deal hands SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon even more ammunition. Richard Grenell was speaking as Allseas, the Swiss company that is Nord Stream’s main contractor, said it had suspended work on laying the pipeline. @ Critics say it would give Hindus precedence over Muslims and other religious minorities. But in little more than a week, oil prices were back to where they started. The market has taken almost everything thrown at it in its stride. In 2019, Me Too Sparked More Change, But Not Nearly Enough : While people bravely continue to speak out against sexual misconduct, there are plenty of signs that a system protecting perpetrators still persists.', '2019-12-24': 'Identifying the Next Big Destination in Mexico : Travelers in the know say the Yucatán peninsula town of Bacalar is poised to be the region’s next big destination. Can it survive the tourist onslaught?No Successors? We expected sea level rise in about 20 years to be showing the changes. What does that mean for the Filipino community? So you need 40% more water for industry, you need more water for more people. I think that\'s what will save us from the crisis ahead," she said. Fillinger tranquilized the wounded animal for transport to a recovery center. The stocks of communication services, household goods makers and banks fell. They will shower money on to a hot economy. Democrats, again, have already helped them. But unemployment has remained at or below 4 per cent for more than a year and a half. Our economy faces two defining challenges. There is not only an urgent need to act, but also a powerful business and investing case to do so. A year ago it was typical of thousands of others. They are not likely to next year, either. @ Additional reporting by Josh Berlinger, Jake Kwon, Yoko Wakatsuki and Yong Xiong.', '2019-12-25': 'G.O.P. Senator ‘Disturbed’ by Leader’s Vow : Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska revealed the first public qualms with Mitch McConnell’s vow to coordinate with the White House on a quick impeachment trial for President Trump. Moscow weather: Record high temperatures cast gloom over festive season - CNN : Record high temperatures cast gloom over festive season in Moscow : Moscow (CNN)Russia\'s capital has seen record high temperatures in December with snow not predicted until the end of the month. People walking in Tverskoi Boulevard in central Moscow. " But we cannot stay idle either, I agree with my colleagues. Russia is a signatory to the Paris Agreement on controlling greenhouse-gas emissions, but the official Russian response to climate change has at times been slow. Moscow, however, may still have a chance for a white Christmas. Beijing said earlier this year that it tested a hypersonic aircraft, while the US Air Force has awarded a contract to Lockheed Martin to develop a missile. CNN\'s Brad Lendon contributed to this report. Also: Women’s activism; the Republicans and climate change. But many protesters, who had called for just such a change, were not impressed. Risers were led by blue-chips including chipmaker AMD, which was boosted by a broker upgrade. The past year will be remembered as a moment of reckoning for central banks. Ructions in the repo market caused plenty of angst. Here, FT reporters around the world look back on the big moments and personalities that defined 2019 in markets.', '2019-12-26': 'Court Rejects Turkish Wikipedia Ban : The country blocked the site in 2017 after Wikipedia refused to remove pages that the government found offensive, including references to its relationship with terrorists and Syrian militants. Still Looking to Punish China, Trump’s Trade Warrior Fought Tariff Deal : Mr. Navarro is still looking for ways to punish China even as President Trump has embraced a deal that his top trade adviser lobbied against. In Tokyo, the Nikkei 225 lost 0.2 percent, to 23,782.87, while the Shanghai composite index was off less than 1 point at 2,981.88. Markets in London, Frankfurt, Hong Kong and India were all closed. The United States markets will reopen Thursday. The central bank appears set to keep rates low for a long time. Sixteen years ago, this would have been difficult to imagine, given that China was much poorer and the iPhone and phone apps had not been invented. I do not pick 16 years at random: I started this column in 2003 and this will be the last one. The information on which leaders rely is hard to interpret  the outcomes of their decisions are uncertain. Did Mayor Put Politics Before Students? : The Russian military accuses Shaveddinov of dodging the draft. His spokesperson said earlier he had been held. They [authorities] simply dragged me out of the office.', '2019-12-27': ': A retail survey showed an 18.8 percent rise in online shopping. İstanbul boğazında gemi kazası #istanbul #boğaz #gemikazası pic.twitter.com/2riSCLLJOc— Emre Keskinkurt (@EKeskinkurt) December 27, 2019 There were no casualties, the Istanbul governorship said in a statement, adding that there had been no reports of "sea or environmental pollution. "" According to the governor\'s office, the coast guard, police and search and rescue teams were sent to the area after the collision. The fires have also threatened koalas living in the wild. Hot cars kill, so there are no excuses and no exceptions. Because of their low body mass, children and pets are especially at risk. We will submit a deployment motion to parliament. Health care stocks were the only decliners. The latter is dominated by Alibaba and Tencent payment platforms. Through its stake in WeBank, the online-only bank, wealth management has been a growing business with third-quarter fintech revenue up more than a third to $3.3bn. Bosch is not the first developer in the field. In the meantime we need to tackle the problem from other angles as well." Curtis believes that transparency is essential to consumer trust. " That’s mainly because of a big tax break and a strong economy.:', '2019-12-28': ': Three Federal Reserve rate cuts and a rally in huge tech stocks like Apple have helped lift the S&P 500 by 29 percent so far in 2019. The tech industry is under attack from regulators worldwide. Australian Officials Fear 30% Of Region\'s Koalas Have Been Killed In Wildfires : The animals face burning, starvation and scant water resources. Trump Tariffs Hurt U.S. Manufacturing, Cost American Jobs: Federal Reserve Economists : The "small positive effect" of U.S. tariffs was more than offset by rising import costs and retaliatory tariffs, their paper concludes. On Friday, The Sun reported that "sensitive" documents detailing the "layout and security measures" of MI6\'s London headquarters have gone missing while construction giant Balfour Beatty carried out refurbishment work. To lose such sensitive documents was grossly irresponsible. The documents would be gold dust to any enemy agents or terrorists," The Sun reported an unnamed source as saying. The UK\'s Foreign Office said it would not comment on intelligence matters. CNN has reached out to Balfour Beatty for comment. :', '2019-12-29': 'Undermining Trump, With an Ad Blitz Pummeling His Character : Michael Bloomberg’s presidential campaign wants to flood voters with attacks on Mr. Trump before it is too late, a lesson Republican candidates learned in 2016 when they initially ignored him. It\'s been a banner year for authoritarian leaders. For much of the summer, the Russian capital of Moscow saw a wave of opposition demonstrations. For a time, unsanctioned rallies and solo protests seemed to gain momentum. Russian authorities even dropped criminal charges against a prominent investigative reporter after an unexpected public outpouring of support. Russia also showed willingness to exert more control over its citizens online. Protesters wave Russian flags as they confront riot police in Moscow. The law mandates that all Russian internet providers install special equipment to enable the use of "deep packet inspection," a type of data processing that can be used to surveil and censor internet traffic. Russia rolls out its \'sovereign internet.\' Putin presents Xi with ice cream on his 66th birthday. That\'s not to say that Putin was always on a winning streak in 2019.A Deadly Somali Force On a ‘Shoestring Budget’ : The group suspected in a weekend attack that killed 79 people has lost territory, suffered defections and been targeted by increasing United States airstrikes.', '2019-12-30': 'Bolivia Expels Three Diplomats In Spat With Spain and Mexico : The caretaker president accused the Mexican ambassador and two Spanish diplomats of breaking norms by aiding former officials linked to Evo Morales, the ousted president. Average interest rates paid on small business loans fell from 7.4 per cent to 6.8 per cent over the same period. @ Attitudes are shifting to blue sky corporate science. A quest for knowledge with no specific application jars with the fashion for business focus and discipline. Nylon inventor Du Pont was once so famous for pure research that its labs were nicknamed Purity Hall. Of course, big budgets do not guarantee results. That would make the attack the deadliest incident in the country since twin truck bombings killed almost 600 people in Mogadishu in 2017. He said the region would be “the preferred destination of capital for the group, whether it’s to branch out into new segments, develop new products and services, build out new relationships and develop new routes to market\u2009. He was convicted on charges of fraud and insider trading and spent more than 12 years in prison. Tackling the climate crisis will require the world’s largest ever peacetime investment. Historically low interest rates mean there has never been a better time to make it. @ Fuel costs are essentially zero for green power — sun, wind and water are free.'}